ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS

Investing
in our securities carries a significant degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of
the other information in this Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this
Form 10-K, before deciding whether to invest in our securities. If any or a combination of the following risks were to materialize, our
results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially adversely affected. If that were to be the case, the market
price of our securities could decline, and investors could lose all or part of their investment. The risks and uncertainties described
below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be
immaterial may also adversely affect our business.

Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Requirements

We
have incurred significant losses since our inception, do not currently generate any operating income, and expect to continue incurring
losses as we work to obtain product approval, and thus we may never achieve or maintain profitability. 

Since
our inception, we have engaged primarily in development activities, including planning and implementing clinical trials to support commercialization
and FDA approval of our Symphony platform. We have funded our operations primarily through debt and equity financings, and have incurred
losses since inception, including a net loss of approximately $7.7 million and approximately $10.0 million for the years ended December
31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and from our inception through December 31, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $34.7
million.

We
currently have no product revenue and we may not be able to commercialize our Symphony technology platform or achieve significant revenues
or profitability. Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends upon our ability, alone or with others, to complete
the development process of our product candidates, including regulatory approvals, and thereafter achieve substantial acceptance in the
marketplace for our products. We may be unable to achieve any or all of these goals.

We
will require additional funding to finance our operations to continue as a going concern, which may not be available to us on acceptable
terms, or at all, and our lack of cash resources has slowed the timeline of our clinical trial work and could cause us to run out of
cash resources in the near-term.

To
date, we have relied primarily on private debt and equity financing to carry on our business. We have limited financial resources, negative
cash flow from operations and no assurance that sufficient funding will be available to us to fund our operating expenses and to further
our product development efforts and pursue clinical trials for FDA approval. Based on these and other factors, in our audited consolidated
financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, we concluded that this circumstance raised substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the original issuance date of such financial statements. Similarly, in
its report on the consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, our independent registered public
accounting firm included an emphasis of matter paragraph stating that our recurring losses from operations and continued cash outflows
from operating activities raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our consolidated financial statements
for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Absent
further funding, we currently expect to run out of available cash resources during the third quarter of 2025. To achieve our current
strategic plan, which strives to be in position to submit a 510(k) regulatory application to the FDA in the fourth quarter of 2027 and
achieve FDA approval as early as the third quarter of 2028, we expect to need to raise at least $30 million of capital between the
second quarter of 2025 and the end of the 2027 fiscal year, which we hope to do in various tranches during this time period. There can
be no assurance that such additional capital will be available on a timely basis or on terms that will be acceptable to us. We currently
do not have any contracts or commitments for additional financing. In addition, any additional equity financing may involve substantial
dilution to our existing stockholders, or provide that an equity or debt financing source obtains rights to control the membership of
our board of directors.

As
a result of our lack of cash resources, we have slowed the timeline of our clinical trial work to preserve cash resources in the near-term.
If we fail to obtain additional financing, we likely will be forced to abandon such activities entirely and file for bankruptcy protection,
with the possible loss of such properties or assets (including the license to our core technology). Based on our explorations to date,
we do not expect that any other strategic alternatives, such as a potential sale of the Company or its assets or other restructuring
efforts, will be available to us in the near-term. As a result, any inability to obtain additional financing in the near-term, including
a material amount of financing over the next 2-3 years, would likely result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations, cash flow, financial condition and prospects and cause our stockholders to receive little or no return on their shares of
common stock.

Since
the initial public offering of our common stock in November 2021, the market price of our common stock has fallen by more than 99.9%,
and we expect to need additional funding amounts substantially greater than the current market capitalization of our common stock, which
may result in future dilution that coincides with further material declines in the trading price of our common stock beyond the substantial
declines that have occurred in recent years.

Since
the initial public offering of our common stock in November 2021, the market price of our common stock has fallen by more than 99.9%,
including declines of greater than 80% per year in each of 2022, 2023 and 2024. During such period of time, we have conducted several
public offerings of securities to raise additional capital, and in each case, the market price of our common stock has fallen substantially
after the consummation of such offerings. As described above, we expect to need to raise at least $30 million of funding over the next 2-3
years – an aggregate amount approximately 15 times the current market capitalization of our outstanding common stock, and we do
not expect to be able to complete necessary product re-development, troubleshooting and clinical trial work absent such material funding.
This may cause new investors to demand terms in future offerings that substantially dilute existing shareholders, or result in such holders
obtaining or being granted shareholder voting or board governance control positions, which could cause our common stock to fall further
from current levels on a per share basis.

The
number of shares of common stock underlying our outstanding warrants is several times greater than our currently outstanding common stock,
which could have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult for us to raise funds through future
equity offerings. In addition, in connection with any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets, holders
of our outstanding warrants would be entitled to receive the Black Scholes value of such warrants, which may reduce the consideration
otherwise available for payment to holders of our common stock.

As
part of our public offerings of common stock in June 2024, January 2024 and August 2023, we issued warrants to purchase shares of our
common stock. As of December 31, 2024, remaining warrants exercisable from these transactions included (i) Class C Common stock warrants
to purchase 1,372,586 shares of common stock which are exercisable at a price of $16.30 per share, (ii) January 2024 Common Stock Warrants
to purchase up to an aggregate of 7,201 shares of common stock at an exercise prices ranging from $520.00 to $650.00 per share and (iii)
August 2023 Common Stock Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 576 shares of common stock at exercise prices ranging from $2,896.00
to $3,684.00 per share. The June Class C Warrants, January 2024 Common Stock Warrants and August 2023 Common Stock Warrants are exercisable
for five years from the date of issuance until various dates in 2029 or 2028, respectively.

The Class C Warrants, January 2024 Common Stock Warrants
and August 2023 Common Stock Warrants are generally only exercisable solely by means of a cash exercise. A holder of these warrants (together
with its affiliates) may not exercise any portion of the warrants to the extent that the holder would beneficially own more than 4.99%
(or, at the election of the holder, 9.99%) of our outstanding common stock immediately after exercise. The common stock warrants include
certain rights upon “fundamental transactions” as described in the warrants, including the right of the holders thereof to
receive from us or a successor entity cash or the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion) that is being offered
and paid to the holders of common stock in such fundamental transaction in the amount of the Black Scholes value (as described in such
warrants) of the unexercised portion of the applicable warrants on the date of the consummation of such fundamental transaction.

Although
these warrants are subject to beneficial ownership limitations, upon exercise in full of the warrants, the shares issuable upon exercise
would represent a significant portion of our outstanding common stock. As a result, the holders of these warrants may be able to exert
substantial influence over our business. The concentration of voting power resulting from the exercise of the warrants could delay, defer
or prevent a change of control, or delay or prevent a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us on terms
that other stockholders may desire. In addition, conflicts of interest could arise in the future between us, on the one hand, and the
holders of these warrants, concerning the issuance of additional securities and other matters. In addition, sales of these shares could
cause the market price of our common stock to decline significantly.

We
have registered the issuance of shares upon exercise of these warrants under registration statements. As a result, the shares issuable
upon exercise of these warrants can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance. Sales of these shares could cause the market price
of our common stock to decline significantly. Furthermore, if our stock price rises, the holders of these warrants may be more likely
to exercise their warrants and sell a large number of shares, which could negatively impact the market price of our common stock and
reduce or eliminate any appreciation in our stock price that might otherwise occur.

Given
the amount and terms of these warrants, we may find it more difficult to raise additional equity capital on favorable terms or at all
while these warrants are outstanding.

Our
ability to raise additional capital via a registered public offering on Form S-3 will be limited in the near-term as a result of the
SEC’s “baby shelf” rules.

In
June 2023 we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, which was declared effective by the SEC on June 20, 2023 (the “Shelf
Registration Statement”). The Shelf Registration Statement allows us to sell from time to time up to $25 million of common
stock, preferred stock, debt securities, debentures, warrants, rights or units comprised of any combination of these securities, for
our own account in one or more offerings. In August 2023, we completed a public offering under the Shelf Registration Statement pursuant
to which we raised gross proceeds of approximately $1.6 million. Under applicable SEC rules, smaller companies like us are only permitted
to raise up to 1/3rd of their public float under Form S-3 over a 12-month period. As a result, based on our current public
float, we are only able to sell up to approximately $700,000 as of the date of this filing pursuant to our Form S-3, assuming we continue
the applicable eligibility requirements thereof. This limit on our use of Form S-3 in the near-term may make it more difficult for us
to raise equity capital in the public markets, as we expect to be required to conduct any such fundraising via private placements, or
sales on Form S-1, which sales of Form S-1 may be more difficult for us to execute in a timely manner.

We
may be obligated to current and/or prior financial advisors under engagement letters that we enter into from time to time, and we are
currently subject to such an obligation.

As
part of our capital raising and financial planning measures, we have entered into, and may in the future enter into, various engagement
letters with financial advisors. Such engagement letters have included, and may in the future include, rights of first offer or refusal
and similar provisions that require us to offer such financial advisors the right to serve as underwriter, placement agent or in similar
roles in connection with certain future public or private financing transactions, or that require us to pay prior financial advisors
fees in connection with certain transactions consummated using other financial advisors.

For
example, our existing engagement letter with Aegis Capital Corp. (“Aegis”) provides that until June 3, 2025, Aegis shall
have the right to act as sole book-running manager, sole underwriter, sole placement agent or sole agent, as applicable, if we decide
to finance any indebtedness or decide to raise funds by means of a public offering, private placement or any other capital raising financing
of equity, equity-linked or debt securities. If Aegis decides to accept such assignment, we are required to provide Aegis customary fees
for transactions of similar size and nature (but in no event less than the fees provided to Aegis in the transactions they advised the
Company on in mid-2024). It is possible that potential investors who would otherwise seek to invest in the Company will prefer to work
with other banks, in which case we may be unable to pursue such transaction unless Aegis declines its right of first refusal with respect
to such transaction.

The
placement agent from our August 2023 Registered Direct Offering and January 2024 Public Offering could assert that they are entitled
to a fee in connection with our June 2024 Public Offering.

In
August 2023, we entered into an engagement letter with H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (the “Prior Placement Agent”), which
was amended in October 2023, and pursuant to which the Prior Placement Agent served as the placement agent in our August 2023 public
offering, August 2023 private placement and January 2024 public offering. Pursuant to this engagement letter, we provided the Prior Placement
Agent a right of first refusal to serve as underwriter in any public offering or private placement we engaged in prior to January 2,
2025, and the right to receive compensation comparable to what it received in the August 2023 public offering and January 2024 public
offering (e.g., 7% of the gross proceeds of such an offering and additional warrants exercisable at 125% of the offering price) in connection
with such offering or placement. Prior to filing the registration statement with respect to our June 2024 public offering, we provided
the Prior Placement Agent the opportunity to serve as underwriter for that transaction and it declined such opportunity. While we believe
that the Prior Placement Agent is not entitled to any fees in connection with the June 2024 public offering given that it declined to
serve as underwriter, the Prior Placement Agent could assert that it is nevertheless entitled to compensation under a separate “tail”
provision included in the letter. While we believe such a position would be unreasonable and invalid, and we would intend to challenge
it, any such assertion that is ultimately successful could cause us to pay an addition substantial fee (such as up to 7% of the proceeds
from our June 2024 public offering) in connection with that offering.

Our
common stock currently is listed for quotation on the Nasdaq Capital Market. We are required to meet specified financial requirements
in order to maintain such listing, including a requirement that the bid price for our common stock remain above $1.00, and that the market
value of our publicly held securities be at least $1 million.

Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) requires listed companies to maintain a minimum bid price of $1.00 for continued inclusion on the Nasdaq Capital
Market. As of the close of business on March 17, 2025, the most recent closing price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market.
was $4.07 per share. If the trading price were to fall below $1.00 per share, we would not be compliant this requirement. In such
event, we would be subject to delisting, and because we consummated reverse stock splits during 2024 with a cumulative ratio of 1-for-400
(following an earlier reverse stock split in 2023 with a ratio of 1-for-20), we would be ineligible for any compliance period under recently
implemented Nadsaq listing rules if this event occurred prior to June 20, 2026. As a result, such a decline in the price of our common
stock, if it were to occur, would be expected to result in the prompt delisting of our common stock from the Nasdaq Capital Market.

In
addition, Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(5) requires the market value of our publicly held common stock (which is our only outstanding class
of capital stock) to be at least $1 million. As of the close of business on March 17, 2025, such market value of our publicly held common
stock was approximately $1.7 million. If the market value of our publicly held common stock declines below $1 million, we would also
be subject to Nasdaq delisting proceedings on that basis.

Nasdaq’s
staff also maintains discretionary authority under its listing rules to delist companies whose capital structure or public offerings
raise public interest and investor protection concerns, including as a result of highly dilutive issuances, and it is possible that Nasdaq
could assert that past offerings that we have consummated, or future offerings we may consummate, raise such concerns. In addition, to
raise the significant amount of capital that we expect to need to fund our strategic plan, potential investors may require us to accept
terms (such as board representation rights in excess of an investor’s beneficial ownership of our common stock) that could conflict
with Nasdaq listing standards and result in us being delisted.

If
our common stock is delisted, we may seek to have our common stock quoted on an over-the-counter marketplace, such as on the OTCQX. The
OTCQX is not a stock exchange, and if our common stock trades on the OTCQX rather than a securities exchange, there may be significantly
less trading volume and analyst coverage of, and significantly less investor interest in, our common stock, which may lead to lower trading
prices for our common stock.

Any
potential delisting of our common stock from the Nasdaq Capital Market may have materially adverse consequences to our stockholders,
including:

    ●
    A
    reduced market price and liquidity with respect to our shares of common stock;

    ●
    limited
    dissemination of the market price of our common stock;

    ●
    limited
    news coverage;

    ●
    limited
    interest by investors in our common stock;

    ●
    volatility
    of the prices of our common stock, due to low trading volume;

    ●
    our
    common stock being considered a “penny stock,” which would result in broker-dealers participating in sales of our common
    stock being subject to the regulations set forth in Rules 15g-2 through 15g-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act;

    ●
    increased
    difficulty in selling our common stock in certain states due to “blue sky” restrictions; and

    ●
    limited
    ability to issue additional securities or to secure additional financing.

Risks
Related to Our Business

We
are subject to the risks associated with new businesses.

We
are effectively a new business with a plan to commercialize our licensed technology. Our limited operating history may not be adequate
to enable you to fully assess our ability to develop and market our Symphony platform and test cartridges, assuming we receive regulatory
clearances, for which there is no assurance, and respond to competition. Our efforts to date have related to the organization and formation
of our Company, research and development and performing clinical trials. We have no approved products, have not yet generated sustainable
revenue, and we cannot guarantee we will ever be able to generate future revenues. Therefore, we are, and expect for the foreseeable
future to be, subject to all the risks and uncertainties, inherent in a new business focused on the development and sale of new medical
devices. As a result, we may be unable to further develop, obtain regulatory approval for, manufacture, market, sell and derive revenues
from our Symphony platform and test cartridges and the other product candidates in our pipeline, and our inability to do so would materially
and adversely impact our viability. In addition, we still must optimize many functions necessary to operate a business, including expanding
our managerial, personnel and administrative structure, continuing product research and development, and assessing and commencing our
marketing activities.

Accordingly,
you should consider our prospects in light of the costs, uncertainties, delays and difficulties frequently encountered by companies that
have not yet commercialized their products, particularly those in the medical device field. In particular, potential investors should
consider that there is a significant risk that we will not be able to:

    ●
    implement
    or execute our current business plan, or that our business plan is sound;

    ●
    maintain
    our management team and Board of Directors;

    ●
    determine
    that the technologies that have been developed are commercially viable;

    ●
    attract,
    enter into or maintain contracts with, and retain customers; and

    ●
    raise
    any necessary additional funds in the capital markets or otherwise to effectuate our business plan.

In
the event that we do not successfully address these risks, our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations could
be materially and adversely affected.

Our
license and supply agreements with Toray, which relate to the license of the core technology used in our Symphony Cartridges and the
supply of cartridge intermediates from Toray to SanyoSeiko for SanyoSeiko to manufacture cartridges for Bluejay, are subject to significant
risks that may threaten our viability or otherwise have a material adverse effect on us and our business, assets and its prospects.

We
have an exclusive license with Toray for the entire world, excluding Japan, to use their patents and know-how related to our Symphony
test cartridges for the manufacturing, marketing and sale of such products. We also have a nonexclusive license for manufacturing purposes
in Japan. We have a right to sublicense these Toray patents and know-how (upon either (a) obtaining consent from Toray prior to obtaining
FDA approval or (b) giving notice to Toray after obtaining FDA approval), and for the purpose of obtaining FDA approval, we will need
to exercise this sublicence to have the cartridges manufactured for Bluejay by a Japanese manufacturer, SanyoSeiko, Inc. (“SanyoSeiko”).
We have no contractual rights to the intellectual property covered in the license agreement other than as expressly set forth therein.
Our plans, business, prospects and viability are substantially dependent on that intellectual property and subject to the limitations
relating thereto as set forth in the license agreement. Some of the risks this may give rise to are described below.

    ●
    We
    are currently preparing to transfer this intellectual property and know-how on the Symphony cartridge manufacturing to an in-house
    facility for redevelopment. After the cartridge redevelopment is completed, we plan to transfer the manufacturing process to an
    FDA-registered CMO for validation testing and commercial manufacturing. We do not expect to be able to complete this transfer prior
    to the end of 2026, at the earliest. If Toray were to assert that we have not established a facility to manufacture our cartridges
    prior to the expiration of the supply agreement (which is currently expected to occur in October 2025), Toray could assert that we
    are in material breach of the license agreement and seek to terminate it as early as November 2025. If Toray sought to terminate the
    license, and was successful in doing so, we would lose access to certain technology required to produce the cartridges that our
    Symphony system relies on to function, which would likely result in a material adverse effect on our commercialization efforts. We
    are in the process of negotiating an agreement with Toray to, among other things, clarify that Toray will not seek to terminate the
    license agreement in connection with the expiration of the supply agreement.

    ●
    After
    the receipt of regulatory approval in a country, we are required to pay Toray a minimum royalty of $60,000 for the initial year that
    royalties are payable increasing to a minimum of $100,000 thereafter, regardless of the actual amount of sales by us of licensed
    products. Accordingly, we could be obligated to pay royalties even though we have generated no or limited revenue. Such payments
    could materially and adversely affect our profitability and could limit our investment in our business.

    ●
    Toray
    may not be able to provide all necessary know-how related to the test cartridges, which may increase the time and cost of remediating
    product defects, or impair our ability to timely scale up cartridge manufacturing.

    ●
    The
    license and regulatory approvals (once obtained) are non-assignable. These restrictions may limit our flexibility to structure our
    operations in the most advantageous manner.

    ●
    At
    our sole expense, we must file for, prosecute the application for, and obtain all regulatory approvals for the licensed products
    and obtain all legal permits necessary for promoting, marketing, offering or selling each licensed product. The regulatory approval
    process can be expensive and time consuming, and there can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain or maintain any or all
    required permits.

    ●
    We
    are required to use reasonable efforts to obtain market approval for the products in the United States or the European Union by October
    2026 or we may lose exclusivity in territory of the license agreement with Toray. We will not obtain market approval by this date, and we are in the process of negotiating with Toray to, among other things, extend this
date.

    ●
    We are required to use reasonable efforts to start commercial
sales by October 2028, though this period may be extended in 6-month increments for up to 2 years in total if such inability to start
commercial sales is due to reasons not attributable to us. If we are unable to start commercial sales by such later date, Toray
would have the right to terminate the license agreement or make it non-exclusive.

    ●
    Except
    with respect to (a) Toray’s ownership of, or rights to license, all intellectual property rights in respect of the licensed
    property and (b) Toray’s applicable patents being duly maintained and in effect, Toray provides no, and disclaims all, representations,
    warranties or covenants relating to the licensed intellectual property or any other matters under the license agreement and in particular
    disclaims any fitness of the intellectual property for any purpose or any warranty against infringement of any third-party patent.
    These provisions limit our recourse in the event that the licensed intellectual property is flawed, defective, inadequate, incomplete,
    uncommercial, wrongly described or otherwise not useful for our purposes. We have not independently verified all of the technical,
    scientific, commercial, legal, medical or other circumstances or nature of the licensed intellectual property and therefore there
    can be no assurances that any of the foregoing risks have been reduced or eliminated. We have performed numerous evaluations of the
    Symphony product and have identified numerous risks. These risks are described below. These provisions represent a significant risk
    of a material adverse impact on us, our business and our prospects.

    ●
    While
    we are in principle permitted, even after the license agreement expires or is terminated, to continue manufacturing and selling products
    that incorporate Toray intellectual property and the royalties for which are fully paid up, if we commit certain material breaches
    of the agreement, Bluejay may be obligated to use reasonable efforts to arrange for the transfer to Toray of FDA or any other regulatory
    approvals for any products the royalties for which are not fully paid up. Where any such transfer is possible and approved by the
    regulator (if necessary), then depending on the nature of the material breach, we may be required to undertake the transfer at no
    cost to Toray or on reasonable terms and conditions. The loss of any such market approvals, especially if we are unable to receive
    any consideration for them, could have a material adverse impact on us, our business and our prospects, and depending on the timing
    and extent of the loss, it could even threaten our viability.

In
addition, see the risks in “Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property” below. These risks are not the only risks
inherent in the license agreement with Toray.  

As
an intermediate step to commercial viability, we need to demonstrate that our IL-6 samples do not degrade over time, and our premise
would be undermined if we fail to do so.

We
are currently conducting testing to demonstrate specimen stability, which will be important to our future development efforts. Confirming
stability of the samples collected from the SYMON-II clinical study is one of the integral aspects that we will have to establish before
we can proceed to FDA clearance. We plan to establish sample stability using standard plate ELISA technology. Once Symphony is operational,
we plan to perform a bridging study to demonstrate specimen stability commutability. If we fail to prove that IL-6 is stable over time,
we might have to redesign our business plan.

There
is a risk that validation of the primary outcome measure of our SYMON-I study will not achieve statistical significance. 

Although
our SYMON-I study found promising results, there is a risk that subsequent validation will not achieve statistical significance, which
would render those results subject to scrutiny and subject us to setbacks, including having to redesign our preliminary study at considerable
expense and time delay.

There
is a risk of our cartridges not passing analytical validation, one of the key requirements of FDA approval. 

There
is a risk that our cartridges, a core component of our Symphony system, will not pass analytical validation due to failures in performance.
We are working on plans to redevelop the cartridges in order to reduce this risk, but we cannot be sure that our attempts will be successful
until they have been tested and have successfully passed analytical validation themselves.

We
are currently only pursuing one aspect of analytical validation and we cannot be certain how long the remaining tests will take us. 

Analytical
validation is comprised of a series of studies to validate test performance by testing precision, reproducibility, interference, linearity,
detection capability, high-dose hook, hematocrit tolerance, specimen stability, cartridge stability, sample carry-over, reference range,
and matrix comparison. Currently, we are only pursuing specimen stability and have paused all other analytical testing until the Symphony
IL-6 redevelopment and manufacturing transfer has been completed and Symphony IL-6 cartridges are available, which we expect will not
occur sooner than the end of 2026. Uncertainties in the timeline make it difficult for us to precisely forecast when we will be able
to move on to the rest of the FDA-required studies needed in order to gain approval for our product.

FDA
requirements could change prior to submission and lead to delays and additional costs.

The
Symphony analyzer has previously passed all safety validations required by the FDA. However, we plan to reperform some of the validations
surrounding electromagnetic compatibility and safety standards due to a recent FDA requirement changes. Should other FDA standards change,
we could need to perform those tests as well, incurring additional expenses and delays that are impossible to predict due to the uncertain
nature of what standards the FDA might change in the future.

The
FDA could request additional data or testing after our application submission, requiring additional costs and delaying approval.

Although
we have had a pre-submission meeting with FDA and included FDA feedback into our plan, the FDA could decide to request additional data
or testing after we have submitted our FDA application. This could result in significant additional costs generated in the process of
gathering whatever additional data or developing and running the additional testing requested by the FDA. Furthermore, it can take several
months to years to conduct testing and collect data, and depending on the extent of the FDA’s additional request, the delay caused
could be significant. During any such period of delay, not only would we be incurring the additional expenses of the testing, but we
would also continue to not generate any revenue.

We
depend on, and are liable for, SanyoSeiko as our Symphony analyzer contract manufacturing organization (CMO), so its inability or failure
to perform appropriately in that capacity may threaten our viability or have a material adverse effect on us and our business, assets
and its prospects.

We
are dependent on SanyoSeiko to maintain compliance with the FDA requirements, and continuously manufacture and supply us with our Symphony
analyzers. If SanyoSeiko is unable to do so for any reason and we are unable to activate a new CMO to produce analyzers, we may be unable
to obtain FDA approval and commence any commercial sales or unable to supply products to our customers in a timely manner or at all,
either of which could threaten our viability.

We
are also liable for SanyoSeiko’s performance and actions as our CMO, and any breach by SanyoSeiko of our license and/or supply
agreements with Toray may have a material adverse effect on us and our business.

If
we can not find a suitable CMO for the manufacturing of our Symphony cartridges, requiring additional costs and delaying FDA approval.

We
plan to redevelop the Symphony cartridge and once redevelopment is completed, we plan to transfer manufacturing to a FDA-registered CMO
for the manufacturing of Symphony cartridges to support validations and commercialization. If we are unable to find a suitable CMO, we
will have to establish manufacturing internally, which may result in additional costs and delays to our FDA application submission.

We
have not yet launched any products and the ability to do so will depend on the acceptance of our Symphony platform in the healthcare
market.

We
have not yet launched or received regulatory approvals in any country or territory for our Symphony platform or test cartridges. Even
if we receive regulatory approvals, we are faced with the risk that our Symphony platform will not be accepted over competing products
and that we will be unable to enter the marketplace or compete effectively. We cannot assure you that our Symphony platform or test cartridges
will gain market acceptance. If the market for our future products fails to develop or develops more slowly than expected, or if any
of the technology and standards supported by us do not achieve or sustain market acceptance, our business and operating results would
be materially and adversely affected.

We
cannot accurately predict the volume or timing of any sales, making the timing of any revenues difficult to predict.

We
may be faced with lengthy and unpredictable customer evaluation and approval processes associated with our Symphony platform. Consequently,
we may incur substantial expenses and devote significant management effort and expense in developing customer adoption of our Symphony
platform, which may not result in revenue generation. We must also obtain regulatory approvals of our Symphony platform and test cartridges
in jurisdictions in which we pursue approvals, which is subject to risk and potential delays. The same risks apply to other tests we
may develop based on our Symphony platform. As such, we cannot accurately predict the volume, if any, or timing of any future sales.

If
third-party payors do not provide coverage and reimbursement for the use of our platform, our business and prospects may be negatively
impacted.

Third-party
payors, whether governmental or commercial, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs. In addition,
in certain countries, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for medical device products and services exists among third-party
payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for medical device products and services can differ significantly from payor to payor.
In addition, payors continually review new technologies for possible coverage and can, without notice, deny coverage for these new products
and procedures. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to
provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate
reimbursement will be obtained.

Our
Symphony platform, including its software and systems, may contain undetected errors, which could limit our ability to provide our products
and diminish the attractiveness of our offerings.

Our
Symphony platform may contain undetected errors, defects, or bugs. As a result, our customers or end users may discover errors or defects
in our products, software or systems, or our products, software or systems may not operate as expected. We may discover significant errors
or defects in the future that we may not be able to fix. Our inability to fix any of those errors could limit our ability to provide
our products and services, impair the reputation of our brand and diminish the attractiveness of our product and service offerings to
our customers.

In
addition, we may utilize third party technology or components in our products, and we rely on those third parties to provide support
services to us. The existence of errors, defects, or bugs in third party technology or components, or the failure of those third parties
to provide necessary support services to us, could materially adversely impact our business.

We
will rely on the proper function, security and availability of our information technology systems and data to operate our business, and
a breach, cyber-attack or other disruption to these systems or data could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations,
financial condition, cash flows, reputation, or competitive position.

We
will depend on sophisticated software and other information technology systems to operate our business, including to process, transmit
and store sensitive data, and our future products and services may include information technology systems that collect data regarding
patients. We could experience attempted or actual interference with the integrity of, and interruptions in, our technology systems, as
well as data breaches, such as cyber-attacks, malicious intrusions, breakdowns, interference with the integrity of our products and data
or other significant disruptions. Furthermore, we may rely on third-party vendors to supply and/or support certain aspects of our information
technology systems. These third-party systems could also become vulnerable to cyber-attack, malicious intrusions, breakdowns, interference,
or other significant disruptions, and may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could result in system disruption
or compromise the information security of our own systems.

If
in the future we pursue foreign jurisdictions, such international operations will mean that we are subject to laws and regulations, including
data protection and cybersecurity laws and regulations, in many jurisdictions. Furthermore, there has been a developing trend of civil
lawsuits and class actions relating to breaches of consumer data held by large companies or incidents arising from other cyber-attacks.
Any data security breaches, cyber-attacks, malicious intrusions or significant disruptions could result in actions by regulatory bodies
and/or civil litigation, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition,
cash flows, reputation, or competitive position.

In
addition, our information technology systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance
existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving legal and
regulatory standards, the increasing need to protect patient and customer information, changes in the techniques used to obtain unauthorized
access to data and information systems, and the information technology needs associated any new products and services. There can be no
assurance that our process of consolidating, protecting, upgrading and expanding our systems and capabilities, continuing to build security
into the design of our products, and developing new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology
will be successful or that additional systems issues will not arise in the future.

If
our information technology systems, products or services or sensitive data are compromised, patients or employees could be exposed to
financial or medical identity theft or suffer a loss of product functionality, and we could lose existing customers, have difficulty
attracting new customers, have difficulty preventing, detecting, and controlling fraud, be exposed to the loss or misuse of confidential
information, have disputes with customers, physicians, and other health care professionals, suffer regulatory sanctions or penalties,
experience increases in operating expenses or an impairment in our ability to conduct our operations, incur expenses or lose revenues
as a result of a data privacy breach, product failure, information technology outages or disruptions, or suffer other adverse consequences
including lawsuits or other legal action and damage to our reputation.

If
we are not able to attract and retain highly skilled managerial, scientific and technical personnel, we may not be able to implement
our business model successfully, and our limited cash resources could require us to make further cost reductions.

We
believe that our management team must be able to act decisively to apply and adapt our business model in the markets in which we will
compete. Our future performance depends to a large extent on the continued services of members of our current management, including our
President and Chief Executive Officer, Neil Dey, and our Chief Technology Officer, Jason Cook. In addition, we rely upon technical and
scientific employees or third-party contractors to effectively establish, manage and grow our business. Consequently, we believe that
our future viability will depend largely on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled managerial, sales, scientific and technical
personnel.

In
order to do so, we may need to pay higher compensation or fees to our employees or consultants than we currently expect, and such higher
compensation payments would have a negative effect on our operating results. Competition for experienced, high-quality personnel is intense
and we cannot assure that we will be able to recruit and retain such personnel, or that we will possess the cash resources to do so.
For example, our limited cash resources have caused us to reduce our overall full-time employment headcount to 7 persons, and we could
need to implement further personnel-related cost reductions in the near-term. As such, we may not be able to hire or retain the necessary
personnel to implement our business strategy. For example, Mr. Dey is currently serving as our principal financial and accounting officer,
in addition to serving as our principal executive officer. Our failure to hire and retain such personnel could impair our ability to
develop new products and manage our business effectively. In the event that we lose the continued services of such key personnel for
any reason, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and prospects.

If
we are not able to attract and retain highly skilled managerial, scientific and technical personnel, we may not be able to implement
our business model successfully, and our limited cash resources could require us to make further cost reductions. 

We
believe that our management team must be able to act decisively to apply and adapt our business model in the markets in which we will
compete. Our future performance depends to a large extent on the continued services of members of our current management, including our
President and Chief Executive Officer, Neil Dey, and our Chief Technology Officer, Jason Cook. In addition, we rely upon technical and
scientific employees or third-party contractors to effectively establish, manage and grow our business. Consequently, we believe that
our future viability will depend largely on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled managerial, sales, scientific and technical
personnel. In addition, given our small headcount, the loss of existing employees (including our President and Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Technology Officer) could result in the loss of institutional knowledge relating to our product development that would be difficult
for us to replace.

We
do not have a meaningful amount of authorized shares remaining under our equity compensation plans and therefore cannot incentivize our
directors and employees with non-cash compensation. 

We
have undergone a series of reverse stock splits at a cumulative ratio of 1-for-8,000 over the last two years. As a result, the authorized
shares in our stock compensation plans have been correspondingly reduced, and we only possess a de minimus amount of equity under our
2018 Stock Incentive Plan and our 2021 Stock Plan. As a result, we currently cannot incentivize our directors and employees with non-cash
compensation, and even if we possessed such available shares, the substantial declines in the value of our common stock in each of the
prior three years may substantially depress the desired incentive effects of using such shares for compensatory purposes. We believe
that stock incentive plans serve to closely align the interests of directors and officers with the interests of the Company’s shareholders,
and without this tool we are left paying all compensation in cash. In 2024, cash fees paid to non-employee directors were $380,000 in
the aggregate and cash fees paid to our two executive officers were $526,000. Given our lack of available equity incentives as a compensatory
tool, we expect to continue incurring significant cash compensation expense relative to our overall market capitalization.

If
we or our manufacturers fail to comply with the regulatory quality system regulations or any applicable equivalent regulations, our proposed
operations could be interrupted, and our operating results would suffer.

We
and any third-party manufacturers and suppliers of ours will be required, to the extent of applicable regulation, to follow the quality
system regulations of each jurisdiction we will seek to penetrate and also will be subject to the regulations of these jurisdictions
regarding the manufacturing processes. If we or any third-party manufacturers or suppliers of ours are found to be in significant non-compliance
or fail to take satisfactory corrective action in response to adverse regulatory findings in this regard, regulatory agencies could take
enforcement actions against us and such manufacturers or suppliers, which could impair or prevent our ability to produce our products
in a cost-effective and timely manner in order to meet customers’ demands. Accordingly, our operating results would suffer.

Product
liability suits, whether or not meritorious, could be brought against us due to an alleged defective product or for the misuse of our
Symphony platform or test cartridges. These suits could result in expensive and time-consuming litigation, payment of substantial damages,
and an increase in our insurance rates.

If
our Symphony platform or test cartridges, or any future tests based on our Symphony platform, are defectively designed or manufactured,
contain defective components or are misused, or if someone claims any of the foregoing, whether or not meritorious, we may become subject
to substantial and costly litigation. Misusing our devices or failing to adhere to the operating guidelines or our devices producing
inaccurate readings could cause significant harm to patients. In addition, if our operating guidelines are found to be inadequate, we
may be subject to liability. Product liability claims could divert management’s attention from our core business, be expensive
to defend and result in sizable damage awards against us. While we expect to maintain product liability insurance, we may not have sufficient
insurance coverage for all future claims. Any product liability claims brought against us, with or without merit, could increase our
product liability insurance rates or prevent us from securing continuing coverage, could harm our reputation in the industry and could
reduce revenue. Product liability claims in excess of our insurance coverage would be paid out of cash reserves harming our financial
condition and adversely affecting our results of operations.

If
we are found to have violated laws protecting the confidentiality of patient health information, we could be subject to civil or criminal
penalties, which could increase our liabilities and harm our reputation or our business.

There
are a number of laws around the world protecting the confidentiality of certain patient health information, including patient records,
and restricting the use and disclosure of that protected information. Privacy rules protect medical records and other personal health
information by limiting their use and disclosure, giving individuals the right to access, amend and seek accounting of their own health
information and limiting most use and disclosures of health information to the minimum amount reasonably necessary to accomplish the
intended purpose. We may face difficulties in holding such information in compliance with applicable law. If we are found to be in violation
of the privacy rules, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties, which could increase our liabilities, harm our reputation and
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Significant
raw material shortages, supplier capacity constraints, supplier disruptions, and sourcing issues may adversely impact or limit our products
sales and or impact our product margins. 

Our
key suppliers are limited- or sole-source suppliers. Disruptions in deliveries, capacity constraints, production disruptions up- or down-stream,
price increases, or decreased availability of raw materials or commodities, including as a result of war, natural disasters (including
the effects of climate change such as sea level rise, drought, flooding, wildfires and more intense weather events), actual or threatened
public health emergencies or other business continuity events, adversely affect our operations and, depending on the length and severity
of the disruption, can limit our ability to meet our commitments to customers or significantly impact our operating profit or cash flows.

Specific
raw materials used in the production of Symphony IL-6 cartridges are being discontinued or are otherwise limited in supply and the process
of finding a suitable substitute could be expensive, use important resources, reduce the efficacy of the platform, or lead to other delays
and setbacks.

Several
raw materials used in production of Symphony IL-6 cartridges are being discontinued and we will need to validate new materials to use
as substitutes. These materials include hydrophobic coating solution, side film plastic laminate, and antibody. Testing new raw materials
at the same time that we are testing to discover the previously discussed instability in the product introduces additional variables
that could make it more difficult for us to discover the source of the instability, adding extra expense and delay. We cannot currently
predict what substitute materials will be found to work for the discontinued ones, whether they will perform as well, their availability,
or their precise cost.

We
do not currently have sufficient supply to or know-how from Toray to reproduce the capture antibody in the Symphony IL-6 cartridges.

The
procedures Toray has provided to us on manufacture of the capture antibody we use in our product are incomplete. To address this, we
plan to develop manufacturing process for or procure from third-party vendor the immunogen source. We plan to use industry-standard polyclonal
antibody manufacturing using this immunogen. If we are unable to do so, we expect that we would need to find a substitute that is different
from Toray’s original design. We expect that it could currently take over one year for us to complete work on the capture antibody,
and any additional delay would further increase our expected timeline to FDA approval and commercialization further into the future,
and require additional funding beyond the amount that we currently forecast.

We
might not be able to discover the underlying cause of a Symphony performance reproducibility issue, and if the issues are inherent in
the design of the platform we might have to redesign our approach. 

We
continue to face a performance reproducibility issue with the Symphony cartridges, and we have been unable to discover the cause to date.
Our efforts to redevelop the cartridge might not adequately resolve the issues if they are inherent to the design of the cartridge. If
the issue lies in these or similarly difficult-to-address areas, we might need to redesign our approach, which would likely be expensive
and significantly delay the FDA approval process.

If
there is a shift in customer demand for the type of near-patient diagnostic test that we are working to develop, we would be left without
a commercially marketable product in the pipeline. 

Our
only viable product in development at this time is a near-patient diagnostic test. If there is a shift in consumer demand away from such
tests, for any reason, by or before the time we are ready to reach the market, we might find ourselves without a viable product sales
market. We cannot be certain that there will be demand for our product by the time it is ready for commercial use or sale, and if there
is not, we could be left without a revenue-generating product, as we do not currently have any other products under development.

Risks
Related to Product Development and Regulatory Approval

We
adapted our clinical trial design in 2023 to obtain more patient data to reflect recent FDA feedback, and our regulatory pathway remains
subject to further FDA review and feedback and the results of ongoing and future clinical studies.

Our
current regulatory strategy is designed to support commercialization of Symphony in the United States pending marketing authorization
from the FDA. Previously, our regulatory strategy involved clinical studies involving COVID-19 patients. However, we have shifted our
focus away from COVID-19 patients due to a significant decline in the number of COVID-19 related hospitalizations. Pursuant to this revised
strategy, we are beginning to conduct a clinical study to support an FDA regulatory submission with an initial indication for risk stratification
of hospitalized sepsis patients. We submitted a pre-submission application to the FDA presenting the new study design in May 2023 and
participated in a pre-submission meeting on August 11, 2023. At the meeting, the FDA provided feedback on the new study design, determined
that the submission of a 510(k) is the appropriate premarket submission pathway, and requested that certain data be provided in the 510(k).
Based on this feedback, we determined to proceed on this basis, which considers the FDA’s feedback.

In
the second quarter of 2024, we completed a multicenter SYmphony IL-6 MONitoring Sepsis (“SYMON”) clinical study investigating
the role of interleukin-6 (IL-6) in patients diagnosed with sepsis and septic shock. This prospective study assessed the performance
of IL-6 upon initial presentation to the intensive care unit (ICU). A primary analysis of the SYMON-I pilot clinical study (registered
clinical trial number NCT06181604) highlighted that IL-6 levels within 24 hours of sepsis or septic shock diagnosis and admission to
the ICU may predict patient mortality out to 28 days. Furthermore, a secondary outcome of the SYMON-I study showed that IL-6 levels within
24 hours of sepsis or septic shock diagnosis and admission to the ICU is a predictor of patient mortality during their hospitalization.
Other secondary outcomes showed that lactate and Sequential Organ Failure Assessment (SOFA), standard clinical tests used for sepsis
and septic shock patients, were not predictors of patient mortality out to 28 days. We believe that the findings underscore the potential
importance of IL-6 as a predictor and provide new insights into the potential pathways for improving sepsis outcomes.

Using
the data analysis from the SYMON-I pilot clinical study, we initiated the SYMON-II pivotal clinical study in the third quarter of 2024.
The SYMON II clinical study has three components: (1) collection, freezing, and biobanking of patient samples, (2) measuring IL-6 concentrations
in the biobanked samples near the end of patient enrollment or after the patient enrollment has completed, and (3) analysis of the IL-6
data with the patient outcomes to see if the established IL-6 cutoff value has been validated for 28-day all-cause mortality. Patient
enrollment started during the fourth quarter of 2024.

After
our Symphony IL-6 cartridges are redeveloped, transferred to a CMO, and pass analytical validation, our goal is to use the Symphony IL-6
test to complete the testing in the SYMON-II clinical trial.

As
a result of our lack of cash resources and timeline associated with cartridge redevelopment, we have recently slowed the timeline of
this study to preserve cash resources in the near-term, and we expect that these delays will prevent us from submitting an FDA application
for our Symphony platform within the next 30 months.

Although
we believe that we have a sound strategy for obtaining FDA regulatory approval and clearance, there can be no assurance that it will
ultimately be obtained. Reasons that approval and clearance might not be obtained, on our expected timeline or at all, include that we
are unable to complete our planned studies (due to lack of funding, delays or interruptions in the manufacturing of quality-sufficient
cartridges needed to be used in the study, or otherwise), that clinical results are not sufficient to demonstrate required efficacy,
or that the FDA does not agree with our study design or aspects of our submission. In addition, the FDA could also change its clearance
and approval policies, adopt additional regulations, or revise existing regulations, or take other actions which could prevent or
delay approval or clearance. Any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results
of operations.

Delays
in the Symphony cartridge redevelopment and manufacturing transfer to a CMO could negatively affect our timeline for the FDA submission
of Symphony.

We
plan to redevelop the Symphony cartridge to achieve performance requirements. Delays in the redevelopment or transfer will negatively
affect our timeline for the FDA submission of Symphony.

Our
ability to engage in and complete the activities needed for an FDA submission will be contingent upon us addressing these and other challenges,
including possessing and/or raising sufficient capital, remaining a going concern, and producing product capable of supporting our product
requirements and meeting analytical validation, clinical validation. The delays described above, coupled with our lack of cash resources,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

The
regulatory approval process which we may be required to navigate may be expensive, time-consuming, and uncertain and may prevent us from
obtaining clearance for our planned products.

We
intend to market our Symphony platform and test cartridges following regulatory approval. To date, we have not received regulatory approval
in any jurisdiction. The research, design, testing, manufacturing, labeling, selling, marketing, and distribution of medical devices
are subject to extensive regulation by country-specific regulatory authorities, which regulations differ from country to country. There
can be no assurance that, even after such time and expenditures, we will be able to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for clinical
testing or for the manufacturing or marketing of any products. In addition, during the regulatory process, other companies may develop
other technologies with the same intended use as our products.

We
also will be subject to numerous post-marketing regulatory requirements, which may include labeling regulations and medical device reporting
regulations, which may require us to report to different regulatory agencies if our device causes or contributes to a death or serious
injury, or malfunctions in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. In addition, these regulatory requirements
may change in the future in a way that adversely affects us. If we fail to comply with present or future regulatory requirements that
are applicable to us, we may be subject to enforcement action by regulatory agencies, which may include, among others, any of the following
sanctions:

    ●
    warning
    letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties;

    ●
    customer
    notification, or orders for repair, replacement, or refunds;

    ●
    voluntary
    or mandatory recall or seizure of our products;

    ●
    imposing
    operating restrictions, suspension, or shutdown of production;

    ●
    refusing
    our requests for clearance or pre-market approval of new products, new intended uses or modifications to any products;

    ●
    rescinding
    clearance or suspending or withdrawing pre-market approvals that have already been granted; and

    ●
    criminal
    prosecution.

The
occurrence of any of these events may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Product
clearances and approvals can often be denied or significantly delayed. 

Under
FDA regulations, unless exempt, a new medical device may only be commercially distributed after it has received 510(k) clearance, is
authorized through the de novo classification process, or is the subject of a PMA. The FDA will clear marketing of a medical device through
the 510(k) process if it is demonstrated that the new product is substantially equivalent to another legally marketed product not subject
to a PMA. Sometimes, a 510(k) clearance must be supported by preclinical and clinical data.

The
PMA process typically is more costly, lengthy, and stringent than either the 510(k) process or the de novo classification process. Unlike
a 510(k) review, which determines “substantial equivalence,” a PMA requires that the applicant demonstrate reasonable assurance
that the device is safe and effective by producing valid scientific evidence, including data from preclinical studies and human clinical
trials. Therefore, to obtain regulatory clearance or approvals, we typically must, among other requirements, provide the FDA and similar
foreign regulatory authorities with preclinical and clinical data that demonstrate to their satisfaction that our products satisfy the
criteria for approval. Preclinical testing and clinical trials must comply with the regulations of the FDA and other government authorities
in the United States and similar agencies in other countries.

We
may be required to obtain PMAs, PMA supplements, de novo classification, or additional 510(k) pre-market clearances to market modifications
to our products once they are approved and commercialized. The FDA requires device manufacturers to make and document a determination
of whether a device modification requires approval or clearance; however, the FDA can review a manufacturer’s decision. The FDA
may not agree with our decisions not to seek approvals or clearances for particular device modifications. If the FDA requires us to obtain
PMAs, PMA supplements or pre-market clearances for any modification to a previously cleared or approved device, we may be required to
cease manufacturing and marketing of the modified device and perhaps also to recall such modified device until we obtain FDA clearance
or approval. We may also be subject to significant regulatory fines or penalties.

The
FDA may not clear or approve our product submissions or applications on a timely basis or at all. Such delays or refusals could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

The
FDA may also change its clearance and approval policies, adopt additional regulations, or revise existing regulations, or take other
actions which may prevent or delay approval or clearance of our products under development or impact our ability to modify our currently
approved or cleared products on a timely basis. Any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

International
regulatory approval processes may take more or less time than the FDA’s clearance or approval process. If we fail to comply with
applicable FDA and comparable non-U.S. regulatory requirements, we may not receive regulatory clearances or approvals or may be subject
to FDA or comparable non-U.S. enforcement actions. We may be unable to obtain future regulatory clearance or approval in a timely manner,
or at all, especially if existing regulations are changed or new regulations are adopted. For example, the FDA’s clearance or approval
process can take longer than anticipated due to requests for additional clinical data and changes in regulatory requirements. Any failure
or delay in obtaining necessary regulatory clearances or approvals would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations.

Our
Symphony platform may be sold as a research use only product. The FDA could disagree with this strategy and subject the product
to regulation as a regulated medical device, which could increase our costs and delay our commercialization efforts, thereby materially
and adversely affecting our business and results of operations.

In
the United States, we may decide to label and sell our Symphony platform for research use only, and not for the diagnosis or treatment
of disease. Our future product candidates also may follow this same pathway to market. Because such products are not intended for use
in clinical practice in diagnostics, and the products cannot include clinical or diagnostic claims, they are exempt from many regulatory
requirements otherwise applicable to medical devices. In particular, while FDA regulations require that RUO products be labeled, “For Research
Use Only. Not for use in diagnostic procedures,” the regulations do not otherwise subject such products to the FDA’s pre-
and post-market controls for medical devices.

A
significant change in the laws governing RUO products or how they are enforced may require us to change our ability to consider generating
revenue via this path in order to maintain compliance. For instance, in November 2013 the FDA issued a guidance document entitled “Distribution
of In Vitro Diagnostic Products Labeled for Research Use Only or Investigational Use Only” (the “RUO Guidance”)
which highlights the FDA’s interpretation that distribution of RUO products with any labeling, advertising or promotion that suggests
that clinical laboratories can validate the test through their own procedures and subsequently offer it for clinical diagnostic use as
a laboratory developed test is in conflict with RUO status. The RUO Guidance further articulates the FDA’s position that any assistance
offered in performing clinical validation or verification, or similar specialized technical support, to clinical laboratories, conflicts
with RUO status. If we engage in any activities that the FDA deems to be in conflict with the RUO status held by the products that we
sell, we may be subject to immediate, severe and broad FDA enforcement action that would adversely affect our ability to continue operations.
Accordingly, if the FDA finds that we are distributing our RUO products in a manner that is inconsistent with its regulations or guidance,
we may be forced to stop distribution of our RUO tests until we are in compliance, which would reduce our revenue, increase our costs
and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the FDA’s proposed implementation
for a new framework for the regulation of laboratory developed tests (LDTs) may negatively impact the LDT market and thereby reduce demand
for RUO products.

Clinical
data obtained in the future may not meet the required objectives, which could delay, limit or prevent any regulatory approval.

There
can be no assurance that we will successfully complete any clinical evaluations necessary to receive regulatory approvals. While preliminary
results have been encouraging and indicative of the potential performance of our Symphony platform and test cartridges, data already
obtained, or in the future obtained, from clinical studies do not necessarily predict the results that will be obtained from later clinical
evaluations. The failure to adequately demonstrate the performance characteristics of the device under development could delay or prevent
regulatory approval of the device, which could prevent or result in delays to market launch and could materially harm our business. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to receive approval for any potential applications of our principal technology, or that we will
receive regulatory clearances from targeted regions or countries.

We
may be unable to complete required clinical evaluations, or we may experience significant delays in completing such clinical evaluations,
which could prevent or significantly delay our targeted product launch timeframe and impair our viability and business plan.

The
completion of any future clinical evaluations of our Symphony platform or test cartridges, or other studies that we may be required to
undertake in the future, could be delayed, suspended, or terminated for several reasons, including:

    ●
    we
    may fail to or be unable to conduct the clinical evaluation in accordance with regulatory requirements;

    ●
    sites
    participating in the trial may drop out of the trial, which may require us to engage new sites for an expansion of the number of
    sites that are permitted to be involved in the trial;

    ●
    patients
    may not enroll in, remain in or complete, the clinical evaluation at the rates we expect; and

    ●
    clinical
    investigators may not perform our clinical evaluation on our anticipated schedule or consistent with the clinical evaluation protocol
    and good clinical practices.

If
our clinical evaluations are delayed it will take us longer to ultimately launch our Symphony platform and test cartridges in the market
and generate revenues. Moreover, our development costs will increase if we have material delays in our clinical evaluation or if we need
to perform more or larger clinical evaluations than planned.

We
and our suppliers may not meet regulatory quality standards applicable to our manufacturing processes, which could have an adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

As
a medical device manufacturer, we will need to register with the FDA and various non-U.S. regulatory agencies and will be subject to
periodic inspection by the FDA and foreign regulatory agencies, for compliance with certain Good Manufacturing Practices, including design
controls, product validation and verification, in process testing, quality control and documentation procedures. Compliance with applicable
regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is rigorously monitored through periodic inspections by the FDA and foreign
regulatory agencies. Our product and component suppliers may also be required to meet certain standards applicable to their manufacturing
processes.

We
cannot assure you that we or our products or component suppliers will comply with all regulatory requirements. The failure by us or one
of our suppliers to achieve or maintain compliance with these requirements or quality standards may disrupt our ability to supply products
sufficient to meet demand until compliance is achieved or, until a new supplier has been identified and evaluated. Our or any product
or component supplier’s failure to comply with applicable regulations could cause sanctions to be imposed on us, including warning
letters, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, failure of regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of our products, delays,
suspension or withdrawal of approvals or clearances, license revocation, seizures or recalls of products, operating restrictions and
criminal prosecutions, which could harm our business. We cannot assure you that if we need to engage new suppliers to satisfy our business
requirements, we can locate new suppliers in compliance with regulatory requirements at a reasonable cost and in an acceptable timeframe.
Our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We
may be liable if the FDA or another regulatory agency concludes that we have engaged in the off-label promotion of our products.

Our
promotional materials and training methods must comply with FDA and other applicable laws and regulations, including the prohibition
of the promotion of the off-label use of our products. Once our products are cleared or approved for clinical use, healthcare providers
may use our products for off-label uses, as the FDA does not restrict or regulate a physician’s choice of treatment within the
practice of medicine. However, if the FDA determines that our promotional, or training materials for sales representatives or physicians
constitute promotion of an off-label use, the FDA could request that we modify our training, promotional materials and/or subject us
to regulatory or enforcement actions, including the issuance of an untitled letter, a warning letter, injunction, seizure, disgorgement
of profits, significant penalties, including civil fines and criminal penalties. Other federal, state or foreign governmental authorities
also might take action if they consider our promotion, reimbursement or training materials to constitute promotion of an off-label use,
which could result in significant fines or penalties under other statutory authorities, such as laws prohibiting false claims for reimbursement.
In those possible events, our reputation could be damaged, and adoption of the products would be impaired.

Our
products may be subject to recalls after receiving FDA or foreign approval or clearance or cause or contribute to a death or a serious
injury or malfunction in certain ways prompting voluntary corrective actions or agency enforcement actions, which could divert managerial
and financial resources, harm our reputation, and adversely affect our business. 

The
FDA and similar foreign governmental authorities have the authority to require the recall of our products because of any failure to comply
with applicable laws and regulations, or defects in design or manufacture, or if there is a reasonable likelihood our products might
cause or contribute to a death or a serious injury or malfunction. A government mandated or voluntary product recall by us could occur
because of, for example, component failures, device malfunctions or other adverse events, such as serious injuries or deaths, or quality-related
issues, such as manufacturing errors or design or labeling defects. Any future recalls of our products could divert managerial and financial
resources, harm our reputation, and adversely affect our business.

If
we initiate a correction or removal for one of our devices to reduce a risk to health posed by the device, we would be required to submit
a publicly available Correction and Removal report to the FDA and, in many cases, similar reports to other regulatory agencies. This
report could be classified by the FDA as a device recall which could lead to increased scrutiny by the FDA, other international regulatory
agencies and our customers regarding the quality and safety of our devices. Furthermore, the submission of these reports has been and
could be used by competitors against us in competitive situations and cause customers to delay purchase decisions or cancel orders and
would harm our reputation.

In
addition, we will be subject to medical device reporting regulations that will require us to report to the FDA or similar foreign governmental
authorities if one of our products may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or if we become aware that it has malfunctioned
in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction recurred. Failures to properly identify
reportable events or to file timely reports, as well as failure to address each of the observations to the FDA’s satisfaction,
can subject us to sanctions and penalties, including warning letters and recalls. Physicians, hospitals, and other healthcare providers
may make similar reports to regulatory authorities. Any such reports may trigger an investigation by the FDA or similar foreign regulatory
bodies, which could divert managerial and financial resources, harm our reputation, and have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Any adverse event involving our products also could result in future voluntary corrective
actions, such as recalls or customer notifications, or agency action, such as inspection or enforcement action. Any corrective action,
whether voluntary or involuntary, as well as defending ourselves in a lawsuit, would require our time and capital, distract management
from operating our business and may harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

Legislative
or regulatory reforms may make it more difficult and costly for us to obtain regulatory clearance or approval of any future products
and to manufacture, market and distribute our products after clearance or approval is obtained. 

From
time to time, legislation is drafted and introduced in Congress that could significantly change the statutory provisions governing the
regulatory approval, manufacture and marketing of regulated products or the reimbursement thereof. In addition, the FDA may change its
clearance and approval policies, adopt additional regulations or revise existing regulations, or take other actions, which may prevent
or delay approval or clearance of our future products under development or impact our ability to modify our currently cleared products
on a timely basis. Any new regulations or revisions or reinterpretations of existing regulations may impose additional costs or lengthen
review times of planned or future products. It is impossible to predict whether legislative changes will be enacted, or FDA regulations,
guidance or interpretations changed, and what the impact of such changes, if any, may be.

FDA
regulations and guidance are often revised or reinterpreted by the FDA in ways that may significantly affect our business and our products.
Any new statutes, regulations or revisions or reinterpretations of existing regulations may impose additional costs or lengthen review
times of any future products or make it more difficult to obtain clearance or approval for, manufacture, market or distribute our products.
We cannot determine what effect changes in regulations, statutes, legal interpretation or policies, when and if promulgated, enacted
or adopted may have on our business in the future. Such changes could, among other things, require additional testing prior to obtaining
clearance or approval; changes to manufacturing methods; recall, replacement or discontinuance of our products; or additional record
keeping.

Any
change in the laws or regulations that govern the clearance and approval processes relating to our current, planned and future products
could make it more difficult and costly to obtain clearance or approval for new products or to produce, market and distribute existing
products. Significant delays in receiving clearance or approval or the failure to receive clearance or approval for any new products
would have an adverse effect on our ability to expand our business. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements
or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing clearance
that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability.

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property

We
depend on intellectual property licensed from Toray, and any dispute over the license would significantly harm our business.

We
are dependent on the intellectual property licensed from Toray. Disputes may arise between us and Toray regarding intellectual property
subject to our license agreement with Toray. If disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability
to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms or are insufficient to provide us the necessary rights to use the
intellectual property, we may be unable to successfully develop and launch our Symphony platform and our other product candidates. If
we or Toray fail to adequately protect this intellectual property, our ability to launch our products in the market could be limited.
For so long as we are dependent on the intellectual property covered by the license agreement for the pursuit of our business, any such
disputes relating to the license agreement or failure to protect the intellectual property could threaten our viability.

We
will depend primarily on Toray to file, prosecute, maintain, defend and enforce intellectual property that we license from it and that
is material to our business.

The
key underlying intellectual property relating to our Symphony platform is owned by Toray. Under our license agreement with Toray, Toray
generally has the right to file, prosecute, maintain and defend the intellectual property we have licensed from Toray. If Toray fails
to conduct these activities for intellectual property protection covering any of our product candidates, our ability to develop and launch
those product candidates may be adversely affected and we may not be able to prevent competitors from making, using or selling competing
products. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the license agreement, Toray generally has the right to control the enforcement of our
licensed intellectual property and the defense of any claims asserting the invalidity of that intellectual property. We cannot be certain
that Toray will allocate sufficient resources to and otherwise prioritize the enforcement of such intellectual property or the defense
of such claims to protect our interests in the licensed intellectual property. In the absence of action by Toray, we may be unable to
protect and enforce the proprietary rights on which our business relies. Even if we are not a party to these legal actions, an adverse
outcome could harm our business because it might prevent or impede us from continuing to use the licensed intellectual property that
we need to operate our business or from realizing the full commercial benefit contemplated by the agreement. In addition, even if we
take control of the prosecution of licensed intellectual property and related applications, enforcement of licensed intellectual property,
or defense of claims asserting the invalidity of that intellectual property, we may still be adversely affected or prejudiced by actions
or inactions of Toray and its counsel that took place prior to or after our assuming control, and we cannot ensure the cooperation of
Toray in any such action. Furthermore, if we take action to protect, enforce or defend the licensed intellectual property, we may incur
significant costs and the attention of our management may be diverted from our normal business operations. As a result, our business,
results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.

We
and Toray may be unable to protect or enforce the intellectual property rights licensed to us, which could impair our competitive position.

In
order for our business to be viable and to compete effectively, the proprietary rights with respect to the technologies and intellectual
property used in our products must be developed and maintained. Toray relies primarily on patent protection and trade secrets to protect
its technology and intellectual property rights. There are significant risks associated with Toray’s ability (or our ability, in
the absence of action by Toray) to protect the intellectual property licensed to us, including:

    ●
    pending
    intellectual property applications may not be approved or may take longer than expected to result in approval in one or more of the
    countries in which we operate;

    ●
    Toray’s
    intellectual property rights may not provide meaningful protection;

    ●
    other
    companies may challenge the validity or extent of Toray’s patents and other proprietary intellectual property rights through
    litigation, oppositions and other proceedings. These proceedings can be protracted as well as unpredictable;

    ●
    other
    companies may have independently developed (or may in the future independently develop) similar or alternative technologies, may
    duplicate Toray’s technologies or may design their technologies around Toray’s technologies;

    ●
    enforcement
    of intellectual property rights is complex, uncertain and expensive, and may be subject to lengthy delays. In the event we take control
    of any such action under the our license agreement with Toray, our ability to enforce our intellectual property protection could
    be limited by our financial resources; and

    ●
    the
    other risks described in “— Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property.”

If
any of Toray’s patents or other intellectual property rights fail to protect the technology licensed by us, it would make it easier
for our competitors to offer similar products. Any inability on Toray’s part (or on our part, in the absence of action by Toray)
to adequately protect its intellectual property may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. In addition, the patents we rely on are generally set to expire within the next five years, which could have a material impact
on the future of our products.

We
and/or Toray may be subject to claims alleging the violation of the intellectual property rights of others.

We
may face significant expense and liability as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to intellectual property rights of
others. In the event that another party has intellectual property protection relating to an invention or technology licensed by us from
Toray, we and/or Toray may be required to participate in an interference proceeding declared by the regulatory authorities to determine
priority of invention, which could result in substantial uncertainties and costs for us, even if the eventual outcome was favorable to
us. We and/or Toray also could be required to participate in interference proceedings involving intellectual property of another entity.
An adverse outcome in an interference proceeding could require us and/or Toray to cease using the technology, to substantially modify
it or to license rights from prevailing third parties, which could delay or prevent the launch of our products in the market or adversely
affect our profitability.

The
cost to us of any intellectual property litigation or other proceeding relating the intellectual property licensed by us from Toray,
even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial, especially given our early stage of development. A third party may claim that we
and/or Toray are using inventions claimed by their intellectual property and may go to court to stop us and/or Toray from engaging in
our normal operations and activities, such as research, development and the sale of any future products. Such lawsuits are expensive
and would consume significant time and other resources. There is a risk that a court will decide that we and/or Toray are infringing
the third party’s intellectual property and will order us to stop the activities claimed by the intellectual property. In addition,
there is a risk that a court will order us and/or Toray to pay the other party damages for having infringed their intellectual property.
Moreover, there is no guarantee that any prevailing intellectual property owner would offer us a license so that we could continue to
engage in activities claimed by the intellectual property, or that such a license, if made available to us, could be acquired on commercially
acceptable terms.

We
and Toray may be subject to claims challenging the invention of the intellectual property that we license from Toray.

We
and Toray may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in intellectual property
as an inventor or co-inventor. For example, we and Toray may have inventorship disputes arising from conflicting obligations of consultants
or others who are involved in developing our product candidates. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims
challenging inventorship. If we and Toray fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we and Toray may
lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property. Such an
outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation
could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. As a result, it is unclear whether and, if
so, to what extent employees of ours and Toray may be able to claim compensation with respect to our future revenue. We may receive less
revenue from future products if any of our or Toray’s employees successfully claim compensation for their work in developing our
intellectual property, which in turn could impact our future profitability.

Risks
Related to Our Industry

We
face intense competition in the diagnostic testing market, particularly in the IL-6 space, and as a result we may be unable to effectively
compete in our industry.

We
expect to compete directly and primarily with large medical device companies. These large companies have most of the diagnostic testing
business and strong research and development capacity. Their dominant market position and significant control over markets could significantly
limit our ability to introduce our Symphony platform or effectively market and generate sales of our products.

We
have not yet entered the revenue stage and most of our competitors have long histories and strong reputations within the industry. They
have significantly greater brand recognition, financial and human resources than we do. They also have more experience and capabilities
in researching and developing testing devices, obtaining and maintaining regulatory clearances and other requirements, manufacturing
and marketing those products than we do. There is a significant risk that we may be unable to overcome the advantages held by our competition,
and our inability to do so could lead to the failure of our business.

Competition
in the diagnostic testing markets is intense, which can lead to, among other things, price reductions, longer selling cycles, lower product
margins, loss of market share and additional working capital requirements. To succeed, we must, among other critical matters, gain consumer
acceptance for our products, technical solutions, prices and response time, or a combination of these factors. If our competitors offer
significant discounts on certain products, we may need to lower our prices or offer other favorable terms in order to compete successfully.
Moreover, any broad-based changes to our prices and pricing policies could make it difficult to generate revenues or cause our revenues,
if established, to decline. Moreover, if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are more desirable than the products
that we may develop, we may not convince customers to use our products. Any such changes would likely reduce our commercial opportunity
and revenue potential and could materially adversely impact our operating results.

If
we or Toray fail to respond quickly to technological developments, our products may become uncompetitive and obsolete.

The
diagnostic testing market may experience rapid technology developments, changes in industry standards, changes in customer requirements
and frequent new product introductions and improvements. If we or Toray are unable to respond to these developments, we may lose competitive
position, and our products or technology may become uncompetitive or obsolete, causing our business and prospects to suffer. In order
to compete, we and Toray may have to develop, license or acquire new technology on a schedule that keeps pace with technological developments
and the requirements for products addressing a broad spectrum and designers and designer expertise in our industries.

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock

Sales
of substantial amounts of our securities in the public market could depress the market price of our common stock.

Our
common stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market. If our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in
the public market, including the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Class C Warrants and Class D Warrants issued
in the public offering that we consummated in June 2024, or the market perceives that such sales may occur, the market price of our securities
could fall and we may be unable to sell our securities in the future.

We
could issue “blank check” preferred stock without stockholder approval with the effect of diluting interests of then-current
stockholders and impairing their voting rights, and provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover
that stockholders may consider favorable.

Our
Certificate of Incorporation provides for the authorization to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of “blank check” preferred stock
with designations, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors is
empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue one or more series of preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting
or other rights which could dilute the interest of, or impair the voting power of, our common stockholders. The issuance of a series
of preferred stock could be used as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control. For example, it would be possible
for our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt
to change control of our Company. In addition, advanced notice is required prior to stockholder proposals, which might further delay
a change of control.

Shares
eligible for future sale may adversely affect the market for our common stock.

The
price of our common stock could decline if there are substantial sales of our common stock, particularly sales by our significant stockholders,
or when there is a large number of shares of our common stock available for sale.

Our
existing stockholders (including the holders of warrants) may be eligible to sell all or some of their shares of common stock by means
of ordinary brokerage transactions in the open market, subject to the limitations of Rule 144, promulgated under the Securities Act.
In general, under Rule 144 as currently in effect, once we have been subject to public company reporting requirements for at least 90 days,
a person who is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates for purposes of the Securities Act at any time during the 90 days
preceding a sale and who has beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least six months, including the holding period
of any prior owner other than our affiliates, is entitled to sell those shares without complying with the manner of sale, volume limitation
or notice provisions of Rule 144, subject to compliance with the public information requirements of Rule 144. If such a person has beneficially
owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least one year, including the holding period of any prior owner other than our affiliates,
then that person is entitled to sell those shares without complying with any of the requirements of Rule 144. Our affiliates and other
persons selling shares on behalf of our affiliates also are entitled to sell as long as they comply with Rule 144’s manner of sale,
volume limitation and notice provisions, in addition to the provisions applicable to non-affiliates described above.

The
market price of the shares of our common stock could decline as a result of the sale of a substantial number of our shares of common
stock in the public market or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell their shares.

We
do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, and consequently, your ability to achieve a return
on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock.

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently, investors must rely
on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their
investments. There is no guarantee that shares of our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which our stockholders
have purchased their shares. 

If
securities industry analysts do not publish research reports on us, or publish unfavorable reports on us, then the market price and market
trading volume of our common stock could be negatively affected.

Any
trading market for our common stock will be influenced in part by any research reports that securities industry analysts publish about
us. We do not currently have and may never obtain research coverage by securities industry analysts. If no securities industry analysts
commence coverage of us, the market price and market trading volume of our common stock could be negatively affected. In the event we
are covered by analysts, and one or more of such analysts downgrade our securities, or otherwise reports on us unfavorably, or discontinues
coverage or us, the market price and market trading volume of our common stock could be negatively affected.

As
an “emerging growth company” under applicable law, we are subject to lessened disclosure requirements, which could leave
our stockholders without information or rights available to stockholders of other public companies that are not “emerging growth
companies.”

For
as long as we remain an “emerging growth company” as defined in the JOBS Act, we have elected to take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies”
including, but not limited to:

    ●
    not
    being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;

    ●
    reduced
    disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements; and

    ●
    exemptions
    from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
    payments not previously approved.

We
expect to take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an “emerging growth company.” We could be an
emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier. We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of: (1) December 31, 2026, (2) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue
of at least $1.235 billion, (3) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which is the end of the fiscal year
in which the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700.0 million as of the end of our most recent
second fiscal quarter, and (4) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the
prior three-year period.

Because
of these lessened regulatory requirements, our stockholders would be left without information or rights available to stockholders of
other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies.” In addition, we cannot predict if investors will find our
common stock less attractive because we rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may suffer or be more volatile.

Because
we have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards for an “emerging growth
company” our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates.

We
have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1) of
the JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates
for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. While we are not currently delaying the implementation
of any relevant accounting standards, in the future we may avail ourselves of these rights, and as a result of this election, our financial
statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. Because our financial statements may not
be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates, investors may have difficulty evaluating or comparing our
business, performance or prospects in comparison to other public companies, which may have a negative impact on the value and liquidity
of our common stock.

Anti-takeover
provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our Company and may affect
the trading price of our common stock.

We
are a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent
a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years
after the person becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In
addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and by-laws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in our management
or control over us that stockholders may consider favorable. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws will:

    ●
    provide
    for the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that could be issued by our Board of Directors to thwart a takeover
    attempt;

    ●
    provide
    that stockholders will not be able to take action by written consent, and special meetings of stockholders may only be called by
    our Chief Executive Officer, our President, our Board of Directors or a majority of our stockholders;

    ●
    provide
    that our stockholders are required to provide advance notice and additional disclosures in order to nominate individuals for election
    to our Board of Directors or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders’ meeting, which may discourage or
    deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or otherwise
    attempting to obtain control of our Company; and

    ●
    do
    not provide stockholders with the ability to cumulate their votes, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director
    candidates.

These
provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby depressing
the market price of our common stock.

We
will continue incurring increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is now required to devote substantial
time to new compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices.

Our
common stock began trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market in November 2021. As a public company, and particularly after we are no
longer an EGC, we are incurring and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as
a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements
of the NASDAQ Global Market and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies, including
establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. These requirements result
in significant legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. These rules and regulations
are often subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in
practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This results in continuing uncertainty
regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices.

Failure
to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have material adverse effect
on our business and stock price, and our limited internal staffing may enhance the likelihood of such a controls failure. To reduce expenses,
our President and Chief Executive Officer, in addition to serving as principal executive officer, currently serves as our principal financial
and accounting officer, and we have no employees devoted on a full-time basis to our finance, accounting, legal or compliance functions,
which may substantially increase the likelihood that we will fail to successfully maintain effective internal controls over financial
reporting, or effective disclosure controls and procedures.

Pursuant
to SOX Section 404 we are required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting in
our Annual Reports on Form 10-K with the SEC since becoming a public company, including an attestation report on internal
control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. However, while we remain an EGC, we
are not  required to include an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent
registered public accounting firm. To comply with SOX Section 404, we document and evaluate our internal control over financial
reporting, which is both costly and challenging. In this regard, we have and will need to continue to dedicate internal resources,
potentially engage outside consultants and adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document the adequacy of internal control over
financial reporting, continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are
functioning as documented and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial
reporting. Despite our efforts, we may identify one or more material weaknesses (as we did in connection with the preparation of this Form 10-K, as described below), which could result in an adverse reaction in the
financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. Neil Dey, our President and Chief
Executive Officer, serves as our principal financial and accounting officer, in addition to serving as our principal executive
officer, and Mr. Dey is not a certified public accountant. We also do not presently employ an internal legal officer. Our lack of a
directly employed principal financial and accounting officer or principal legal officer may increase the likelihood that we will
fail to successfully maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, or effective disclosure controls and
procedures.

We recently identified a material weakness
in our internal control over financial reporting, and our business and stock price may be adversely affected if our internal control over
financial reporting is not effective. 

In connection with the preparation and finalization
of this Form 10-K, our independent registered public accounting firm identified an issue with respect to the Company’s application
of provisions of the Accounting Standards Codification of the FASB related to the accounting and valuation of certain warrants. In particular,
in June 2024, the Company issued Class C and Class D warrants that contained “reset” features that caused the exercise prices
and number of shares of Company common stock issuable upon exercise to increase following stockholder approval of such warrants in August
2024 and changes in the market price of our common stock that were measured in the period that immediately followed. Under applicable
accounting guidance, upon reset, the Company should have recorded in its consolidated statement of operations the “deemed dividend
on warrant modification” and “net loss applicable to common stockholders,” in each case, below the presentation of net
loss. In addition, these non-book entry line items were not included in the Company’s consolidated statement of operations for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 in the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September
30, 2024. As a result of the foregoing, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting arising from
a lack of sufficient internal accounting expertise at the Company.

As previously discussed, if we fail to maintain an effective system
of internal controls or if management or our independent registered public accounting firm were to discover additional material weaknesses
in our internal controls, we may be unable to produce reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, which could harm our financial condition
and operating results, and could result in a loss of investor confidence and a decline in our stock price.

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders’
ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders.

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, subject to limited exceptions,
that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other
similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder
bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel in any action brought to
enforce the exclusive forum provision. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock
shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. In addition, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent
jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the
rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will provide that the Court of Chancery and the federal
district court for the District of Delaware will have concurrent jurisdiction over any action arising under the Securities Act or the
rules and regulations thereunder, and the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.
To the extent the exclusive forum provision restricts the courts in which our stockholders may bring claims arising under the Securities
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision. Investors cannot
waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

This
exclusive forum provision may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes
with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims.
By requiring a stockholder to bring such a claim in the Court of Chancery (or the federal district court for the District of Delaware,
in the case of an action under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder), the exclusive forum provision also may increase
the costs to a stockholder of bringing such a claim. Alternatively, if a court were to find the exclusive forum provision contained in
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.