Item 1C. Cybersecurity.
Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy
Etsy recognizes the importance of information security, cyber readiness, and data privacy protections to our business and reputation, which includes assessing, identifying, and managing material risks associated with cybersecurity threats. These risks include, among other things: operational risks; intellectual property risks; harm to employees or members of our buyer and seller communities; violation of privacy or security laws; litigation or other legal risks; and reputational risks. 
We use processes, technologies, and controls to assist in our efforts to assess, identify, and manage material cybersecurity-related risks. We also employ a range of tools and services, including network monitoring, vulnerability assessments, and tabletop exercises to inform our risk identification and assessment processes. To identify and assess cybersecurity threats, we evaluate information from a variety of sources, including internal monitoring and, where applicable, external threat intelligence (including advisories and information from governmental, public, and private sources), as well as findings from security testing and observed cybersecurity incidents. We maintain an incident response plan that outlines the activities we take to respond to, remediate, and resolve any cybersecurity incidents, which include processes designed to triage, assess the severity of, escalate, contain, investigate, and remediate the incident, as well as to comply with relevant legal obligations. Additionally, we conduct cybersecurity awareness and sensitive information protection training for our employees, and we periodically test the effectiveness of our training and policies through simulations, which may include simulated phishing emails and tabletop exercises.
We apply similar processes, technologies, and controls to assess, identify, and manage cybersecurity risks associated with third-party suppliers. In addition, cybersecurity considerations affect the selection and oversight of our third-party suppliers. We perform diligence on critical third-party suppliers that have access to our systems and data and to facilities that house critical third-party systems or data, and we monitor cybersecurity threat risks identified through such diligence. Additionally, we generally require third-parties that we have identified as parties that could introduce significant cybersecurity risk to agree by contract to manage their cybersecurity risks based on accepted industry standards and/or to agree to be subject to cybersecurity audits conducted by our agents, which we conduct as we deem appropriate.
We engage third-parties to conduct information security testing, including penetration testing, on our systems including our credit card payments infrastructure. We also maintain a vulnerability identification and reporting process designed to encourage the responsible reporting of potential security vulnerabilities, which may include engagement with external security researchers. In addition, our information security program is subject to periodic self-assessments that measure the maturity of our program in a manner aligned with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (“NIST”) Cybersecurity Framework (“CSF”). This does not imply that we meet any particular technical standards, specifications, or requirements, only that we use the NIST CSF as a guide to help us identify, assess, and manage cybersecurity risks relevant to our business.
To identify and assess material risks from cybersecurity threats, using our enterprise risk management framework, we consider cybersecurity risks as part of our overall risk assessment and risk management process. Our information security team serves as a first line of defense, including managing cyber risk strategy execution and owning the day-to-day management of these risks. Our enterprise risk management program serves as a second line of defense, 
bringing holistic risk oversight and serving as a partner to the business to help first line teams strategically manage risk. Our enterprise risk management function also establishes a risk and governance framework to help identify, prioritize and optimize risk-reward decisions. Certain risks identified by our enterprise risk management function, including cybersecurity risks, are monitored by our Risk Steering Committee, a senior management level committee that includes our executive officers. The Risk Steering Committee’s review of these risks in turn informs the risk management updates provided to the Risk Oversight Committee of our Board of Directors. Additionally, Internal Audit will annually review certain aspects of our cybersecurity program and the related Internal Controls, and our external auditor will test relevant controls around our cybersecurity program and incident reporting. We also do external testing, and conduct annual NIST Cybersecurity Framework audits utilizing external assessors.
Through these processes, we did not identify risks from current or past cybersecurity incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. However, despite our efforts, we cannot eliminate all risks from cybersecurity threats, or provide assurances that we have not experienced undetected cybersecurity incidents. For more information about these risks, please see the “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report.
Cybersecurity Governance
Our Board of Directors and our Risk Oversight Committee are actively engaged in the oversight of our information security program. Our Risk Oversight Committee assists our Board of Directors with its oversight of Etsy’s management of risk exposures, including oversight of technology and information security related risks, as well as oversight of management’s processes for effectively monitoring and mitigating risk. One of the members of our Risk Oversight Committee holds a Certificate in Cyber-Risk Oversight from Carnegie Mellon University and a Certificate from the NYU Law – Nasdaq Center for Board Excellence Cyber Scholar Program.
Our management has general responsibility for day-to-day implementation of our information technology, cybersecurity, and privacy strategies and policies, including deployment and use of security tools, applications, and annual employee training. Role or project specific employee training, as well as other training, may occur more frequently than annually, as needed. Our cybersecurity risk management and strategy processes, which are discussed in greater detail above, are typically led by our Chief Product and Technology Officer (“CPTO”), who is assisted by our Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”). Our CISO, CPTO, and our Risk Steering Committee are informed about and oversee the prevention, mitigation, detection, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents through their management of, and participation in, the cybersecurity risk management and strategy processes described above, including the operation of our incident response plan.
Our CPTO previously served as Chief Technology & Product Officer at Depop, where he successfully scaled the technology team to support rapid growth and transformed the customer experience to one that is driven by strong machine learning capabilities. Prior to Depop, our CPTO spent nearly 10 years at Etsy, where he led engineering teams during periods of significant growth and transformation across a wide range of critical areas, including ads, marketing technology, seller experience, trust and safety, localization and translation, and data engineering. Earlier in his career, our CPTO was the Principal Engineer at IDology and worked as a consultant at a number of firms building custom applications. He has authored numerous articles, papers, and books on Web development.
Our CISO is primarily responsible for cybersecurity and risk-related matters, with assistance from our Senior Director of Information Security. Our CISO has nearly twenty years of experience in various roles involving managing information security, developing cybersecurity strategy, implementing effective information and cybersecurity programs, and secure architecture and design, as well as several relevant degrees and certifications, including a Bachelors of Science in Computer Engineering from the University of Denver. Our CISO previously held certifications include ISC2 Certified Information Systems Security Professional, EC-Council Certified Chief Information Security Officer, IAPP Certified Information Privacy Technologist, and ISACA Certified Data Privacy Solutions Engineer.
Given the importance of information security to our stakeholders, our Risk Oversight Committee receives regular reports from our CISO on cybersecurity-related matters, including the status of projects to strengthen our security systems and to improve our cyber threat readiness, as well as on the existing and emerging cyber threat landscape and our program for managing these security risks. In addition, our CISO has direct access to the chair of our Risk Oversight Committee and is expected to keep that committee apprised of any significant developments that may emerge between scheduled meetings that may require the attention of our Risk Oversight Committee. 
Our Risk Oversight Committee provides a quarterly report to the Board of Directors on enterprise risk management matters overseen by that Committee, including cybersecurity-related matters. Our Board of Directors also periodically participates in tabletop exercises conducted by senior management, with the assistance of outside counsel as needed, as part of risk management and disaster-related planning to validate, test, and assess the effectiveness and adequacy of certain roles and decision-making processes in the event of a cyber-incident.