Item 1C.CYBER SECURITY

 Risk Management and Strategy

We have established policies and processes for assessing, identifying, and managing material risk from cybersecurity threats, and have integrated these processes into our overall risk management systems and processes. We routinely assess material risks from cybersecurity threats, including any potential unauthorized occurrence on or conducted through our information systems that may result in adverse effects on the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our information systems or any information residing therein. 

We conduct periodic and ad-hoc risk assessments to identify cybersecurity threats, as well as assessments in the event of a material change in our business practices that may affect information systems that are vulnerable to such cybersecurity threats.  These risk assessments include identification of reasonably foreseeable internal and external risks, the likelihood and potential damage that could result from such risks, and the sufficiency of existing policies, procedures, systems, and safeguards in place to manage such risks. 

Following these risk assessments, we evaluate whether and how to re-design, implement, and maintain reasonable safeguards to mitigate identified risks and reasonably address any identified gaps in existing safeguards. We also regularly monitor the effectiveness of our safeguards. We devote significant resources and designate high-level personnel, including our Chief Cybersecurity Officer (“CCO”), who reports to our Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) , to manage the risk assessment and mitigation process.  

As part of our overall risk management system, we monitor and test our safeguards and train our employees on these safeguards, in collaboration with human resources, IT, and management. Personnel at all levels and departments are made aware of our cybersecurity policies through trainings.

We engage auditors and other third parties in connection with our risk assessment processes. These service providers assist us to monitor, enhance and test our safeguards.

We require key third-party service providers to certify that such providers have the ability to implement and maintain appropriate security measures, consistent with all applicable laws, to implement and maintain reasonable security measures in connection with their work with us, and to promptly report any suspected breach of their security measures that may affect our company.  

For additional information regarding whether any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our company, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition, please refer to Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” in this annual report on Form 10-K, including the risk factors entitled “Cybersecurity incidents, including data security breaches or computer viruses, could harm our business by disrupting our business operations, compromising our products and services, damaging our reputation or exposing us to liability”.

Governance

One of the key functions of our board of directors is informed oversight of our risk management process, including risks from cybersecurity threats. Our board of directors is responsible for monitoring and assessing strategic risk exposure, and our executive officers are responsible for the day-to-day management of the material risks we face. Our board of directors administers its cybersecurity risk oversight function directly as a whole, as well as through the audit committee.  

Our CCO is primarily responsible for assessing and managing our material risks from cybersecurity threats, in close coordination with our Senior Vice President, Operations and IT, and the senior executive leaders of our Video and Broadband business segments. Our CCO’s cybersecurity experience includes overseeing the design and implementation of cybersecurity measures and safeguards for Harmonic’s Video business software and SaaS offerings as the former long-serving Chief Technology Officer of the Video business, and responsibility at a previous company for the cybersecurity architecture and implementation of an online banking platform and an online transaction processing system for gaming.   

Our CCO oversees our cybersecurity policies and processes, including those described in “Risk Management and Strategy” above, in close coordination with the senior executive leaders of our corporate information technology function and Video and Broadband business segments. The processes by which our CCO is informed about and monitors the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents includes the following: regular reports from the Company’s 24/7 cybersecurity operations center monitoring systems and established incident reporting and escalation from the executive leaders of our corporate information technology function and Video and Broadband business segments.

Our CCO provides briefings to the audit committee throughout the year regarding our company’s cybersecurity risks and activities, including any recent cybersecurity incidents and related responses, cybersecurity systems testing, activities of third parties, and the like. Our audit committee provides regular updates to the board of directors on such reports. In addition, our CCO provides annual briefings to the board of directors on cybersecurity risks and activities. Our board may also be notified and engaged as part of the Company’s cybersecurity incident response plans, depending on the significance of an incident.

Our current CCO will depart the Company at the end of February 2025, and will be succeeded by our new Chief Information Officer (“CIO”), who will join the Company in March 2025. The CIO’s responsibilities will include the Company’s cybersecurity efforts and policies, and he will report directly to our CFO. Our new CIO previously served in relevant leadership positions at other large public companies and brings to the role a wealth of information security and information technology knowledge and experience.