Item 1A. Risk Factors.

Described below are certain risks that we believe apply to our business and the industries in which we operate. The following risk factors should be considered carefully in addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The risks and uncertainties highlighted represent the most significant risk factors that we believe may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity or access to sources of financing, and, consequently, the market value of our common stock. The risks and uncertainties discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not exclusive and other risk factors that we may consider immaterial or do not anticipate may emerge as significant risks and uncertainties.

Macroeconomic Risks

Our business may be sensitive to economic conditions, including those that impact consumer spending.

Companies within the RV and marine industries are subject to volatility in operating results due primarily to general economic conditions because the purchase of a RV or marine product is often viewed as a consumer discretionary purchase. Demand for discretionary goods in general can fluctuate with recessionary conditions, slow or negative economic growth rates, negative consumer confidence, reduced consumer spending levels resulting from tax increases or other factors, prolonged high unemployment rates, higher commodity and component costs, fuel prices, inflationary or deflationary pressures, reduced credit availability or unfavorable credit terms for dealers and end-user customers, higher short-term interest rates, and general economic and political conditions and expectations. Specific macroeconomic factors affecting the RV and marine industries include:

•Overall consumer confidence and the level of discretionary consumer spending;

•Inflationary pressures affecting disposable consumer income;

•Interest rate fluctuations;

•Employment trends;

•Fuel prices;

•The adverse impact of global tensions on consumer spending and travel-related activities; and

•The adverse impact on margins due to increases in raw material costs, which we are unable to pass on to customers without negatively affecting sales.

Credit market deterioration and volatility may restrict the ability of our dealers and retail customers to finance the purchase of our products.

Our business is affected by the availability and terms of the financing to dealers. Generally, RV and marine dealers finance their purchases of inventory with financing provided by lending institutions. A reduction in the availability of wholesale floorplan financing, or more restrictive lending practices, could have an adverse impact on our independent dealers and therefore our results of operations. In addition, an increase in the cost of financing due to interest rate fluctuations may incentivize dealers to reduce field inventory levels, which could negatively impact our sales and profitability. As of August 30, 2025, two financial flooring institutions held approximately 51% of our total outstanding financed dealer inventory dollars. In the event that either of these lending institutions limits or discontinue dealer financing, we could experience an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Our business is also affected by the availability and terms of financing to retail purchasers. Retail buyers purchasing one of our products from our dealers may elect to finance their purchase through the dealership or a financial institution of their choice. Substantial increases in interest rates or decreases in the availability of consumer credit may have an adverse impact upon our business and results of operations.

Industry Risks

The industries in which we operate are highly competitive. Failure to compete effectively against competitors could negatively impact our business and operating results.

The markets for RVs and marine products are very competitive. Competitive factors in the industries include price, design, value, quality, service, brand awareness, and reputation. There can be no assurance that existing or new competitors will not develop products that are superior to our products or that achieve better consumer acceptance, thereby adversely affecting our market share, sales volume, and profit margins. Competitors may also seek an advantage through lower prices or promotional changes, which could reduce demand for our products or adversely affect our margins. Some of our competitors are much larger than we are, and this size advantage provides these competitors with more financial resources and access to capital, additional purchasing power, and greater leverage with the dealer networks. In addition, competition could increase if new companies enter the market, existing competitors consolidate their operations, or if existing competitors expand their product lines or intensify efforts within existing product lines. Our current products, products under development, and our ability to develop new and improved products 

may be insufficient to enable us to compete effectively with our competitors. These competitive pressures may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

If we are unable to continue to enhance existing products and develop and market new or enhanced products that respond to customer needs and preferences, we may experience a decrease in demand for our products and our business could suffer.

One of our growth strategies is to develop innovative, customer-valued products to generate revenue growth. We may not be able to compete as effectively with our competitors, and ultimately satisfy the needs and preferences of our customers, unless we can continue to enhance existing products and develop new innovative products for the markets in which we compete. Product development requires significant financial, technological, and other resources. Product improvements and new product introductions also require significant research, planning, design, development, engineering, and testing at the technological, product, and manufacturing process levels, and we may not be able to timely develop and introduce product improvements or new products. Our competitors' new products may beat our products to market, be higher quality or more reliable, be more effective with more features and/or less expensive than our products, obtain better market acceptance, or render our products obsolete. Any new products that we develop may not receive market acceptance or otherwise generate any meaningful net sales or profits for us relative to our expectations based on, among other things, existing and anticipated investments in manufacturing capacity and commitments to fund advertising, marketing, promotional programs, and research and development.

If we are unable to properly forecast future demand of our products, our operating results may be negatively impacted.

Our ability to manage our inventory levels to meet our customers' demand for our products is important for our business. For example, certain dealers are focused on the rental market which spikes over the summer vacation period while other dealers are focused on direct sales to the consumer at various price points. Our production levels and inventory management are based on demand estimates six to twelve months forward, taking into account supply lead times, production capacity, timing of shipments, and dealer inventory levels. If we overestimate or underestimate demand for any of our products during a given season, we may not maintain appropriate inventory levels, which could negatively impact our net sales or working capital, hinder our ability to meet customer demand, or cause us to incur excess and obsolete inventory charges.

Our business is both cyclical and seasonal and is subject to fluctuations in sales and net income.

The RV and marine industries have been characterized by cycles of growth and contraction in consumer demand, reflecting prevailing economic and demographic conditions, which affect disposable income for leisure-time activities. Consequently, the results for any prior period may not be indicative of results for any future period.

Seasonal factors, over which we have no control, also have an effect on the demand for our products. Demand in the RV and marine industries generally declines over the winter season, while sales are generally highest during the spring and summer months. Also, unusually severe weather conditions may impact demand or disrupt our manufacturing and distribution facilities, as well as our supply chain, which could have an adverse effect on our business.

Our business depends on the performance of independent dealers.

We distribute our RV and marine products primarily through independent dealers across the U.S. and Canada, who then retail the products to the end consumer. We also distribute our marine products internationally through independent dealers, who then retail the products to the end consumer. We rely on our dealers to develop and implement effective strategies to create retail demand for our products. If our independent dealers are unsuccessful in doing so, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.

Our success is dependent on our ability to attract new dealers and maintain relationships with existing dealers. Our independent dealers maintain control over which products they carry and choose to sell, and they may promote other products, or terminate existing relationships if our products are not perceived as being desirable and profitable. Our results of operations can be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain and develop successful relationships with independent dealers.

The financial condition of independent dealers is affected in large part by conditions and events that are beyond our control. Significant deterioration in the financial condition of independent dealers could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.

An increase in dealer consolidation or the loss of a significant dealer could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

In recent periods there has been an increase in acquisitions and consolidation across the U.S. RV independent dealer network. Although none of our dealer organizations accounted for more than 10% of our net revenues during each of the past three fiscal years, continued consolidation of independent dealers could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and our exposure to repurchase obligations. In addition, the loss of a significant dealer could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

If we are obligated to repurchase a substantially larger number of our products in the future than estimated due to dealer default, these purchases could result in adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

In accordance with customary practice in our industries, upon request we enter into formal repurchase agreements with lending institutions financing a dealer's purchase of our products. In these repurchase agreements we agree, in the event of a default by an independent dealer in its obligation to a lender and repossession of the unit(s) by the lending institution, to repurchase units at declining prices over the term of the agreements, which can last up to 24 months. The difference between the gross repurchase price and the price at which the repurchased product can then be resold, which is typically at a discount to the gross repurchase price, represents a potential expense to us. In certain instances, we also repurchase inventory from our dealers due to state law or regulatory requirements that govern voluntary or involuntary terminations. If we are obligated to repurchase a substantially larger number of units in the future than we estimate, this would increase our costs and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

Operational Risks

For some of the components used in production, we depend on a small group of suppliers and the loss of any of these suppliers could affect our ability to obtain components timely or at competitive prices, which would decrease our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

Most of our RV and marine components are readily available from numerous sources. However, a few of our components are produced by a small group of suppliers. In Fiscal 2025, one of our suppliers individually accounted for approximately 14% of our consolidated raw material purchases. In the case of motorhome RV chassis, Mercedes-Benz (USA and Canada), Stellantis N.V., Freightliner Trucks, Ford Motor Company, and Spartan RV Chassis are our major suppliers. Our relationship with our chassis suppliers is similar to our other supplier relationships in that no specific contractual commitments are engaged in by either party. This means that we do not have minimum purchase requirements, and our chassis suppliers do not have minimum supply requirements. Our chassis suppliers also supply to our competitors. Historically, chassis suppliers resort to an industry-wide allocation system during periods when supply is restricted. These allocations have been based on the volume of chassis previously purchased, which could mean our larger competitors could receive more chassis in a time of scarcity. Sales of motorhome RVs rely on chassis supply and are affected by shortages, instability, or recalls from time to time. Within our marine businesses, we purchase a significant portion of our motors from Mercury Marine, which makes us reliant on them for the supply of these engines. If we experience delays and disruptions in obtaining these engines, we may be unable to fulfill orders and deliver our products to our customers in a timely manner. Furthermore, decisions by our suppliers to decrease production, production delays or work stoppages by the employees of such suppliers, or price increases could have a material adverse effect on our ability to produce our products and ultimately, on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

Our operations are primarily centered in northern Iowa and northern Indiana. Any disruption or delay at our primary manufacturing facilities could adversely affect our business and operating results.

We currently manufacture most of our products in northern Iowa and northern Indiana. We also have relatively small manufacturing operations on the Gulf Coast of Florida. These facilities may be affected by natural or man-made disasters and other external events. In the event that one of our manufacturing facilities was affected by a disaster or other event, we could be forced to shift production to one of our other manufacturing facilities or to cease operations. Although we maintain insurance for damage to our property and disruption of our business from casualties, such insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses. Any disruption in our manufacturing capacity could have an adverse impact on our ability to produce sufficient inventory of our products or may require us to incur additional expenses in order to produce sufficient inventory, and therefore, may adversely affect our net sales and operating results. Any disruption or delay at our manufacturing facilities could impair our ability to meet the demands of our customers, and our customers may cancel orders or purchase products from our competitors, which could adversely affect our business and operating results.

Unanticipated changes to our dealer inventory levels could negatively impact our operating results.

We sell many of our products through our independent dealer network and are subject to risks relating to their inventory management decisions and operational and sourcing practices. Our dealers carry inventories of our products as part of their ongoing operations and adjust those inventories based on their assessments of future needs. Such adjustments may impact our inventory management and working capital goals as well as operating results. If the inventory levels of our dealers are higher than they desire, they may postpone product purchases from us, which could cause our sales to be lower than the end-user retail demand for our products and negatively impact our inventory management and working capital goals as well as our operating results. 

Increases in raw material, commodity, and transportation costs and shortages of certain raw materials could negatively impact our business.

We purchase raw materials such as steel, aluminum, and other commodities, and components, such as chassis, refrigerators, and televisions, for use in our products. In addition, we are a purchaser of components and parts containing various commodities, including steel, aluminum, copper, lead, rubber, lumber, and others that are integrated into our end products. Our profitability is affected by significant fluctuations in the prices of the raw materials and the components and parts we use in our products. Recent changes in trade policy, including tariffs imposed by the U.S. government and reciprocal tariffs imposed by foreign countries, have increased our sourcing costs, and uncertainty remains regarding additional tariff actions in the future. In addition to increased costs 

13


as a result of these tariffs, we may face supply chain disruptions and delays that negatively impact our cost of materials and production processes. The uncertain trade policy environment may also contribute to declining consumer confidence, which could decrease demand for our products. While we may attempt to take steps to mitigate or avoid some of these increased costs and disruptions, our ability to do so may be limited by operational and supply chain constraints, especially in the short term. All of these conditions could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

In addition, increases in other costs of doing business may also adversely affect our profit margins and businesses. For example, an increase in fuel costs may result in an increase in our transportation costs, which also could adversely affect our operating results and businesses. Historically, we have mitigated cost increases, in part, by collaborating with suppliers, reviewing alternative sourcing options, substituting materials, engaging in internal cost reduction efforts, and increasing prices on some of our products, all as appropriate. However, we may not be able to mitigate such increased costs in the future. Further, if our price increases are not accepted by our customers and the market, our net sales, profit margins, earnings, and market share could be adversely affected.

Failure to effectively manage strategic acquisitions and alliances, joint ventures, or partnerships could have a negative impact on our business.

One of our growth strategies is to drive growth through targeted acquisitions and alliances, stronger customer relations, and new joint ventures and partnerships that contribute profitable growth while supplementing our existing brands and product portfolio. Our ability to grow through acquisitions depends, in part, on the availability of suitable candidates at acceptable prices, terms, and conditions, our ability to compete effectively for acquisition candidates, and the availability of capital and personnel to complete such acquisitions and run the acquired business effectively. Any acquisition, alliance, joint venture, or partnership could impair our business, financial condition, reputation, and operating results. The benefits of an acquisition, or new alliance, joint venture, or partnership may take more time than expected to develop or integrate into our operations, and we cannot guarantee that previous or future acquisitions, alliances, joint ventures, or partnerships will, in fact, produce any benefits. Such acquisitions, alliances, joint ventures, and partnerships may involve a number of risks, including:

•Diversion of management’s attention;

•Disruption to our existing operations and plans;

•Inability to effectively manage our expanded operations;

•Difficulties or delays in integrating and assimilating information and financial systems, operations, and products of an acquired business or other business venture or in realizing projected efficiencies, growth prospects, cost savings, and synergies;

•Inability to successfully integrate or develop a distribution channel for acquired product lines;

•Potential loss of key employees, customers, distributors, or dealers of the acquired businesses or adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers, customers, distributors, and dealers;

•Adverse impact on overall profitability, if our expanded operations do not achieve the financial results projected in our valuation model; 

•Inaccurate assessment of additional post-acquisition or business venture investments, undisclosed, contingent or other liabilities or problems, unanticipated costs associated with an acquisition or other business venture, and an inability to recover or manage such liabilities and costs; and

•Incorrect estimates made in the accounting for acquisitions, occurrence of non-recurring charges, and write-off of significant amounts of goodwill or other assets that could adversely affect our operating results.

If we fail to identify, attract, and retain appropriately qualified employees, including employees in key positions, our operations and profitability may be harmed. Changes in market compensation rates may adversely affect our profitability.

Our ability to meet our strategic objectives and otherwise grow our business will depend to a significant extent on the continued contributions of our leadership team. Our future success will also depend in large part on our ability to identify, attract, and retain other highly qualified managerial, technical, sales and marketing, operations, and customer service personnel. Competition for these individuals in our manufacturing markets is intense, and supply is limited. Since we operate in a competitive labor market, there is a risk that market increases in compensation could have an adverse effect on our business. We may not succeed in identifying, attracting, or retaining qualified personnel on a cost-effective basis. The loss or interruption of services of any of our key personnel, inability to identify, attract, or retain qualified personnel in the future, delays in hiring qualified personnel, or any employee work slowdowns, strikes, or similar actions could make it difficult for us to conduct and manage our business and meet key objectives, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Significant product repair and/or replacement costs due to product warranty claims and product recalls could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

We receive warranty claims from our dealers in the ordinary course of our business. Although we maintain reserves for such claims, which to date have been adequate, there can be no assurance that warranty expense levels will remain at current levels or 

14


that such reserves will continue to be adequate. A significant increase in warranty claims exceeding our current warranty expense levels could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

In addition to the costs associated with the contractual warranty coverage provided on our products, we also occasionally incur costs as a result of additional service actions not covered by our warranties, including product recalls and customer satisfaction actions. Although we estimate and reserve for the cost of these service actions, there can be no assurance that expense levels will remain at current levels or such reserves will continue to be adequate.

Information Systems, Legal and Regulatory Risks

We may be subject to information technology system failures, inefficiencies associated with system implementations, network disruptions, and cybersecurity incidents that could adversely affect our business. Failure to prevent or effectively respond to a security breach or system failure could expose our customers' or suppliers' confidential information and expose us to substantial costs and reputational damage as well as litigation and enforcement actions. 

We rely extensively on information systems and other technology software, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, summarize, transmit, and store electronic information that is critical to operating our business efficiently and effectively. Our information systems and infrastructure are used to support our operations and manage key business processes, including but not limited to, procurement, supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, warranty administration, invoicing, collection of payments, sales, marketing, human resources, communication efforts and other administrative functions. Additionally, we rely on information systems to record and report our operational results. 

Due to our reliance on our information systems, our business processes may be negatively impacted in the event of substantial disruption of service. In addition, continued integration and development of new systems have resulted, and may in the future result in operational inefficiencies that adversely impact our results of operations. 

Operating these systems in a secure manner is critical to our business operations and strategy. We have implemented measures and incurred costs intended to protect and prevent unauthorized access to or loss of sensitive data. We also have security systems in place with the intent of maintaining the physical security of our facilities. 

Despite our efforts to continuously mature our cybersecurity program, our information systems, and those of our third-party service providers, we are still susceptible to system shutdowns, damage, degraded performance, disruptions or other security incidents. Because the technologies used to obtain unauthorized access are constantly changing and becoming increasingly more sophisticated and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement sufficient preventative measures. Misuse, leakage, falsification, or breach of security of information could result in a violation of privacy laws and damage our reputation which could, in turn, adversely affect our business or financial results. Amongst other things, the impact could include interruptions or delays in our ability to access information, data loss, processing inefficiencies, lost revenues or other costs resulting from shutdowns, unfavorable publicity, governmental inquiry and oversight, litigation by affected parties, and possible financial obligations for damages related to the theft or misuse of such information. Although these incidents have not historically had a significant impact on our business operations, there can be no guarantee that the actions and controls we have implemented and are implementing will be sufficient to protect our systems, information, or other property. While we maintain cybersecurity insurance to protect against potential losses arising from security incidents, the costs related to threats or disruption may not be fully insured.

Our continued success is dependent on positive perceptions of our brands which, if impaired, could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. In addition, if the frequency and size of product liability and other claims against us increase, our reputation and business may be harmed.

We believe that one of the strengths of our business is our brands, which are widely known around the world. We vigorously defend our brands and our other intellectual property rights against third parties on a global basis. We have, from time to time, had to bring claims against third parties to protect or prevent unauthorized use of our brand. If we are unable to protect and defend our brands or other intellectual property, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.

Our success in maintaining, extending, and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment. The growing use of social and digital media platforms by us, our customers and third parties increases the speed and extent to which information, including misinformation and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us, our brands, our products, and in some cases, our competitors, on social or digital media, whether or not valid, could damage our brands and reputation. If we do not maintain, extend, and expand our reputation or brand image, then our operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.

We are also subject, in the ordinary course of business, to litigation including a variety of warranty, "Lemon Law," and product liability claims typical in the RV and marine industries. Although we have an insurance policy covering product liability, we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover all future claims against us, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Any increase in the frequency and size of these claims, as compared to our experience in prior years, may cause the premium that we are required to pay for insurance to rise significantly. Product liability claims may also cause us to pay punitive damages, not all of which are covered by our insurance. In addition, if product liability 

15


claims rise to a level of frequency or size that are significantly higher than similar claims made against our competitors, our reputation and business may be harmed.

We are subject to certain government regulations that could have a material adverse impact on our business, including changing climate-related regulations that may require us to incur additional costs in order to be in compliance.

We are subject to numerous federal, state, and local regulations and the following summarizes some, but not all, of the laws and regulations that apply to us. 

Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards govern the design, manufacture and sale of our RV products, which standards are promulgated by the NHTSA. NHTSA requires manufacturers to recall and repair vehicles which are non-compliant with a Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard or contain safety defects. In addition, the U.S. Coast Guard maintains certification standards for the manufacture of our marine products, and the safety of recreational boats in the U.S. is subject to federal regulation under the Boat Safety Act of 1971, which requires boat manufacturers to recall products for replacement of parts or components that have demonstrated defects affecting safety. Any major recalls of our products, voluntary or involuntary, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. While we believe we are in compliance with the foregoing laws and regulations as they currently exist, amendments to any of these regulations or the implementation of new regulations could significantly increase the cost of testing, manufacturing, purchasing, operating, or selling our products and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. In addition, our failure to comply with present or future regulations could result in federal fines being imposed on us, potential civil and criminal liability, suspension of sales or production, or cessation of operations.

We are also subject to federal and numerous state consumer protection and unfair trade practice laws and regulations relating to the sale, transportation, and marketing of motor vehicles, including so-called "Lemon Laws." Federal and state laws and regulations also impose upon vehicle operators various restrictions on the weight, length, and width of motor vehicles, including motorhome RVs that may be operated in certain jurisdictions or on certain roadways. Certain jurisdictions also prohibit the sale of vehicles exceeding length restrictions. 

Failure to comply with the New York Stock Exchange and SEC laws or regulations could also have an adverse impact on our business. Additionally, amendments to these regulations and the implementation of new regulations could increase the cost of our operations and therefore could have an adverse impact on our business. 

We are subject to income and other tax laws and regulations in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. In addition, we could be impacted by adjustments proposed by taxing authorities in connection with examinations, depending on their timing, nature and scope. Increases in tax rates, changes in tax laws or unfavorable resolution of tax matters could have a material impact on our financial results.

Finally, regulations related to climate change are increasing. For example, federal and state authorities have various environmental control standards relating to air, water, noise pollution, greenhouse gases ("GHG"), and hazardous waste generation and disposal that affect us and our operations. Failure by us to comply with present or future laws and regulations could result in fines being imposed on us, potential civil and criminal liability, suspension of production or operations, alterations to the manufacturing process, or costly cleanup or capital expenditures, any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Other policymakers, such as the State of California, have issued requirements for companies to provide expanded climate-related disclosures, which may require us to incur significant additional costs to comply. In addition, foreign, federal, state, and local regulatory and legislative bodies have proposed various legislative and regulatory measures relating to climate change, regulating GHG emissions, and energy policies. If such legislation is enacted, we could incur increased energy, environmental, and other costs and capital expenditures to comply with the limitations. Climate change regulation combined with public sentiment could result in reduced demand for our products, higher fuel prices, or carbon taxes, all of which could materially adversely affect our business. Due to uncertainty in the regulatory and legislative processes, as well as the scope of such requirements and initiatives, we cannot currently determine the effect such legislation and regulation may have on our products and operations. 

Our ESG commitments may impact our reputation, expose us to additional costs, or have other impacts which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.

There has been an increased focus from regulators, investors, employees, consumers, and other stakeholders relating to ESG practices. We periodically communicate our ESG initiatives, which include prioritizing ethics and integrity, safety, people, inclusion and belonging, community, waste, emissions, and product stewardship. Failure to meet our commitments, respond to regulatory requirements, or advance our initiatives could adversely impact our reputation, as well as the demand for our products. In addition, achieving these initiatives may result in increased costs, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. At the same time, our stakeholders have evolving, varied and sometimes conflicting expectations regarding many aspects of our business, including our operations and ESG-related matters. If we fail or are perceived to fail, in any number of ESG matters, or to effectively respond to changes in, or new, legal, regulatory or reporting requirements concerning climate change or other sustainability concerns, we may be subject to regulatory fines and penalties, and our reputation may suffer.

16


Financial Risks

An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill and trade names could negatively impact our consolidated results of operations.

Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, such as our trade names in certain instances, are recorded at fair value at the time of acquisition and are not amortized but are reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. Our determination of whether goodwill impairment has occurred is based on a comparison of each of our reporting units’ fair value with its carrying value. During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2024, we completed our annual assessment of indefinite-lived intangible assets and determined that the carrying value of the Chris-Craft reporting unit exceeded its fair value, resulting in a $30.3 million impairment charge, which represents the full goodwill balance attributable to the reporting unit. Although no other impairments were identified in Fiscal 2025, Fiscal 2024, or Fiscal 2023, significant and unanticipated changes in circumstances, such as significant and long-term adverse changes in business climate, unanticipated competition, and/or changes in technology or markets, could require future impairment charges that could be significant and could negatively impact our results of operations.

Refer to Note 7 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information regarding goodwill and intangible assets.

The terms of our notes and other debt instruments could adversely affect our operating flexibility and pose risks of default.

We incurred substantial indebtedness to finance the acquisitions of Grand Design and Newmar Corporation ("Newmar"). Our asset based revolving credit facility ("ABL Credit Facility") and Senior Secured Notes (as described in Note 9 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of Part II in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) are secured by substantially all of our assets, including cash, inventory, accounts receivable, and certain machinery and equipment. We also issued unsecured convertible senior notes due 2030 ("2030 Convertible Notes") to execute a partial repurchase of other indebtedness. If a default of payment occurs, the lenders in our ABL Credit Facility or holders of our Senior Secured Notes and 2030 Convertible Notes may elect to declare all of their respective outstanding debt, together with accrued interest and other amounts payable thereunder, to be immediately due and payable. Under such circumstances, we may not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations. In addition, the limitations imposed on our ability to incur additional debt and to take other corporate actions might significantly impair our ability to obtain other financing.

Borrowing availability under the ABL Credit Facility is limited to the lesser of the facility total and the calculated borrowing base, which is based on stipulated loan percentages applied to our eligible trade accounts receivable and eligible inventories. Should the borrowing base decline, our ability to borrow to fund future operations and business transactions could be limited.

In addition, the Senior Secured Notes contain certain occurrence-based covenants that could restrict our ability to undertake certain types of transactions. If we enter into a transaction that falls under the occurrence-based covenants, we will calculate the ratios and covenant buckets we have available to us to ensure we are in compliance. Likewise, the Indenture related to the 2030 Convertible Notes includes certain limited occurrence-based covenants that could impact our ability to operate our business.

In addition, our indebtedness could:

•Make us more vulnerable to general adverse economic, regulatory, and industry conditions;

•Limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes and opportunities in the markets in which we compete;

•Place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt or could require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to service our debt; and

•Restrict us from making strategic acquisitions or exploiting other business opportunities.

General Risks

Our common stock trading price could decline if equity research analysts issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our common stock.

The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that third party securities analysts publish about us and the industries in which we operate. If one or more analysts cease coverage of our company, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause the price or trading volume of our securities to decline. Alternatively, one or more analysts could downgrade our common stock, provide more favorable recommendations about our competitors, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business or industry, which could also cause the trading volume or market price of our common stock to decline.