ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 

Risk Management and Strategy

We have established policies and processes for assessing, identifying, and managing material risk from cybersecurity threats and have integrated these processes into our overall risk management systems and processes. We have aligned our cybersecurity program with recognized security frameworks such as NIST-CSF (National Institute of Standard and Technologies – CyberSecurity Framework). We routinely assess material risks from cybersecurity threats, including any potential unauthorized occurrence on or conducted through our information systems that may result in adverse effects on the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our information systems or any information residing therein. 

We conduct regular risk assessments to identify cybersecurity threats, as well as assessments in the event of a material change in our business practices that may affect information systems that are vulnerable to such cybersecurity threats. These risk assessments include identification of reasonably foreseeable internal and external risks, the likelihood and potential damage that could result from such risks, and the sufficiency of existing policies, procedures, systems, and safeguards in place to manage such risks. 

Following these risk assessments, we implement and maintain reasonable safeguards to minimize identified risks; reasonably address any identified gaps in existing safeguards; and regularly monitor the effectiveness of our safeguards. We devote significant resources and designate high-level personnel, including our Chief Security Officer and Chief Information Officer, to manage the risk assessment and mitigation process.

We have implemented technical solutions that are designed to protect our information systems from cybersecurity threats, including firewalls, intrusion prevention and detection systems, antimalware functionality, and access controls. We regularly evaluate, monitor, and improve these solutions. As part of our overall risk management system, we monitor and test our safeguards and train our employees on these safeguards, in collaboration with human resources, information technology, legal, compliance and ethics and management. Personnel at all levels and departments are made aware of our cybersecurity policies through periodic trainings.

We periodically engage assessors, consultants, auditors, or other third parties in connection with our risk assessment processes. These service providers assist us to design, implement or assess our cybersecurity policies and procedures, as well as to monitor and test our safeguards. We work with our third-party suppliers and service providers to address the use of appropriate security measures in connection with their work with us.

Like any other technology company operating in today’s environment, we have experienced incidents in the past and may experience them in the future. However, we have not experienced any cybersecurity incidents that have been determined to be material. For additional information regarding risks from cybersecurity threats, and their effect on our company, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition, please refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business, Operations, and Industry – Breaches of our security systems or products, systems failures, interruptions, delays in service, catastrophic events, and resulting interruptions in the availability of our systems or those of our customers, suppliers, or business partners, could expose us to losses.”

Governance

One of the key functions of our Board of Directors is informed oversight of our risk management process, including risks from cybersecurity threats. Our Board of Directors is responsible for monitoring and assessing strategic risk exposure, and our executive officers are responsible for the day-to-day management of the material risks we face. Our Board of Directors administers its cybersecurity risk oversight function directly as a whole, as well as through the Security Committee.

Our Chief Security Officer and our Chief Information Officer report to our Security Committee, which oversees monitoring and incident response, risk mitigation, supply chain security, physical security, product security, insider trust, and other security related items and are primarily responsible to assess and manage our material risks from cybersecurity threats. Our Chief Security Officer and Chief Information Officer have combined relevant experience of more than 45 years, including over 20 years in cybersecurity, and they oversee our cybersecurity policies and processes, including those described in “Risk Management and Strategy” above. Our Chief Security Officer monitors and stays informed about prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation efforts through regular communication and reporting from our security team, and through the use of technological tools and software and results from third party assessments.

Our Chief Security Officer and Chief Information Officer provide quarterly briefings to the Security Committee regarding our company’s cybersecurity risks and activities, including any recent cybersecurity incidents and related responses, cybersecurity systems testing, activities of third parties, and the like. Our Security Committee provides regular updates to the Board of Directors on such reports. In addition, our Chief Security Officer and our Chief Information Officer provide annual briefings to the Board of Directors on cybersecurity risks and activities.