ITEM 1A. Risk factors

You should read the following risk factors in conjunction with the factors discussed elsewhere in this and other of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and in materials incorporated by reference into these filings. These risk factors are intended to highlight certain factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations and are not meant to be an exhaustive discussion of risks that apply to TI, a company with broad international operations. Like many companies, we are susceptible to a potential downturn associated with macroeconomic weakness, which may affect our performance and the performance of our customers. Similarly, the price of our securities is subject to volatility due to fluctuations in general market conditions, actual financial results that do not meet our and/or the investment community’s expectations, changes in our and/or the investment community’s expectations for our future results, dividends or share repurchases, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.

Risks related to our business and industry

Our global operations subject us to risks associated with domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions.

We have facilities in more than 30 countries. About 60% of our revenue comes from customers with headquarter locations outside the United States; revenue from end customers headquartered in China represents about 20% of our revenue. We also continue to expand our offerings of online transactions and services worldwide. Certain countries where we operate have experienced, and other countries may experience, geopolitical tensions that affect global trade and macroeconomic conditions through the enactment of tariffs, import or export restrictions, trade embargoes and sanctions, restrictions on cross-border investment and other trade barriers. Geopolitical tensions may impact our ability to deliver products, support customers, receive manufacturing equipment or cause customers to seek alternate suppliers, which could adversely affect our operations and financial results.

We are exposed to political, social and economic conditions, security risks, acts of war, terrorism or other hostile acts, pandemics, epidemics or other public health crises, labor conditions, climate change risks and possible disruptions in power, water supply, transportation, communications and information technology networks of the various countries in which we operate. Any of these factors could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation. In addition, our global operations expose us to periods when the U. S. dollar significantly fluctuates in relation to the non-U. S. currencies in which we transact business. The remeasurement of non-U. S. dollar transactions can have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures.

We face intense technological and pricing competition in the markets in which we operate. We expect this competition will continue to increase from large competitors and from small competitors serving niche markets, and also from emerging companies, particularly in Asia, that sell products into the same markets in which we operate. For example, we may face increased competition as a result of China actively promoting and reshaping its domestic semiconductor industry through policy changes and investment. These actions, in conjunction with trade tensions, may restrict us from participating in the China market or may prevent us from competing effectively. Certain competitors possess sufficient financial, technical and management resources and utilize available incentives offered by various countries and government entities to develop and market products that may compete favorably against our products, and consolidation among our competitors may allow them to compete more effectively. The price and product development pressures that result from competition may lead to reduced profit margins and lost business opportunities in the event that we are unable to match the price declines or cost efficiencies, or meet the technological, product, support, software or manufacturing advancements of our competitors.

Changes in expected demand for our products could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

Our customers include companies in a wide range of end markets and sectors within those markets. If demand in one or more sectors within our end markets declines or the rate of growth slows, our results of operations may be adversely affected. The cyclical nature of the semiconductor market occasionally leads to significant and rapid increases and decreases in product demand. Additionally, the loss or significant curtailment of purchases by one or more of our large customers, including curtailments due to a change in the design or manufacturing sourcing policies or practices of these customers, the timing of customer or distributor inventory adjustments, changes in demand for customer products, or trade restrictions, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Our results of operations also might suffer because of a general decline or volatility in customer demand resulting from, for example: uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets; natural events, pandemics, epidemics or domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions; breaches of customer information technology systems that disrupt customer operations; or a customer’s inability to access credit markets and other sources of needed liquidity.

Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter’s revenue forecast. We manufacture products with the intent to provide high levels of customer service. Our manufacturing forecasts are based on multiple assumptions, and if inaccurate, could cause us to hold inadequate, excess or obsolete inventory that would reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity events, breaches, disruptions or other incidents relating to our information technology systems.

Breaches, disruptions or other incidents relating to our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, suppliers and other third parties could be caused by factors such as computer viruses, ransomware, malware, software vulnerabilities, system failures, restricted network access, unauthorized access, terrorism, nation-state espionage, employee malfeasance, use of artificial intelligence (AI) tools, or human error. These events could, among other things, compromise our information technology networks; result in corrupt or lost data or the unauthorized release of our or our customers’, suppliers’, and other third parties’ confidential or proprietary information; cause a disruption to our manufacturing and other operations (including our online services, platforms and transactions); result in the release of personal data; or cause us to incur costs associated with increased protection, remediation, regulatory inquiries or penalties, or claims for damages, any of which could adversely affect our operating results and our reputation. Cybersecurity or other threats to our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, suppliers and other third parties are frequent, increasingly sophisticated and constantly evolving, thereby making them more difficult to detect, mitigate and defend against.

Our ability to successfully implement strategic, business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations.

From time to time, we undertake strategic, business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures, capital investments and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our objectives. If we do not successfully implement these changes, our business plans and operating results could be adversely affected. We may not achieve or sustain the expected growth, cost savings or other benefits of strategic, business and organizational changes, and charges associated with these actions could differ materially in amount and timing from our expectations.

Our results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we operate.

We have manufacturing, data and design facilities and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences such as severe weather, geological events or epidemics that could adversely affect manufacturing capacity, availability and cost of key materials, services, utilities and equipment or otherwise disrupt operations. Climate change might exacerbate these occurrences or cause natural disasters to occur with greater frequency and with more intense effects. A natural disaster that results in a prolonged disruption, particularly where we have principal manufacturing and design operations, as listed in the Properties section in Item 2, may adversely affect our results and financial condition.

Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products.

Rapid technological change in markets we serve could contribute to shortened product life cycles and a decline in average selling prices of our products. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products in a timely and cost-effective manner. We make significant investments in research and development to improve existing technology and products, develop new products to meet changing customer demands, and improve our production processes. In some cases, we might not realize a return or the expected return on our investments because they are generally made before commercial viability can be assured. Further, projects that are commercially viable may not contribute to our operating results until at least a few years after they are completed.

We face supply chain and manufacturing risks.

We rely on third parties to supply us with goods and services in a cost-effective and timely manner. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our own or suppliers’ operations as a result of, for example: quality excursions; uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets; domestic or international political, social, economic and other conditions; cybersecurity incidents; ability to access conflict-free minerals; natural events or epidemics in the locations in which our suppliers operate; or limited or delayed access to and high costs of key materials, services and utilities. Additionally, a breach or other incident relating to our suppliers’ information technology systems could result in a release of confidential or proprietary information. If our suppliers are unable to access credit markets and other sources of needed liquidity, we may be unable to obtain needed supplies, collect accounts receivable or access needed technology.

In particular, our manufacturing processes and critical manufacturing equipment, and those of our suppliers, require that certain key materials, services and utilities be available. Suppliers of these items have and might continue to extend lead times, limit supply or increase prices due to factors beyond our control. Limited or delayed access to and high costs of key materials, services and utilities could adversely affect our results of operations.

Our inability to timely implement new manufacturing technologies, install manufacturing equipment or secure necessary personnel for manufacturing operations could adversely affect our results of operations. We have made and will continue to make significant investments in manufacturing capacity, and we might not realize our expected return on those investments. We subcontract a portion of our wafer fabrication and assembly and testing of our products, and we depend on third parties (including contractors and other service providers) to support key portions of our operations (including manufacturing operations and advanced logic manufacturing process technology development) and to construct our facilities. We do not have long-term contracts with all of these suppliers, and the number of alternate suppliers is limited. Reliance on these suppliers involves risks, including possible shortages of capacity in periods of high demand, suppliers’ inability to develop and deliver advanced logic manufacturing process technology or build facilities in a timely, cost-effective, and appropriate manner, the possibility of suppliers’ imposition of increased costs on us and the unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property. In addition, failure by these suppliers to fulfill expectations, commitments and responsibilities in accordance with agreed terms or applicable laws, rules and regulations (including health, safety, forced labor, human trafficking and supply chain standards) could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation.

Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain, train and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment.

Our continued success depends in part on the retention and recruitment of skilled personnel as well as the contributions and effective succession of senior management and other key employees. Skilled and experienced personnel in our industry, including engineering, management, sales, technical and staff personnel, are in high demand, and competition for their talents is intense. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully retain, train and recruit the key engineering, management and technical personnel that we require to execute our business strategy. Our ability to recruit internationally or deploy employees to various locations may be limited by immigration laws and policies, including changes to, or the administration or interpretation of, those laws and policies. Failure to retain, train and recruit key personnel could disrupt our business and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation.

Our results of operations and our reputation could be affected by warranty claims, product liability claims, product recalls or legal proceedings.

Claims based on warranty, product liability, epidemic or delivery failures, or other grounds relating to our products, software, manufacturing, services, designs, communications or cybersecurity could lead to significant expenses as we defend the claims or pay damage awards or settlements. In the event of a claim, we would also incur costs if we decide to compensate the affected customer or end consumer. Any such claims may also cause us to write off the value of related inventory. We maintain product liability insurance, but there is no guarantee that such insurance will be available or adequate to protect against all such claims. In addition, it is possible for a customer to recall a product containing a TI part, for example, with respect to products used in automotive applications or handheld electronics, which may cause us to incur costs and expenses relating to the recall. Improper, incorrect, illicit or unauthorized storage, handling, modification, diversion or use of our products, or use of counterfeit products, by third parties could result in reputational harm. Any of these events could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation.

Our results of operations could be adversely affected by distributors’ promotion of competing product lines or our distributors’ financial performance.

In 2024, about 20% of our revenue was generated from sales of our products through distributors. Our distributors carry competing product lines, and our sales could be affected if semiconductor distributors promote competing products over our products. Moreover, our results of operations could be affected if our distributors suffer financial difficulties that result in their inability to pay amounts owed to us. Disputes with current or former distributors could be disruptive or harmful to our business.

Our margins vary.

Our profit margins vary due to a number of factors, which may include customer demand and shipment volume; capital expenditures and resulting depreciation; our manufacturing processes; product mix; inventory levels; tariffs; freight costs; and new accounting pronouncements or changes in existing accounting practices or standards. In addition, we operate in a highly competitive market environment that might adversely affect pricing for our products. Because we own much of our manufacturing capacity, a significant portion of our operating costs is fixed. With our planned capacity expansions, capital expenditures and depreciation have increased. In general, these fixed costs do not decline with reductions in customer demand or factory loadings, and can adversely affect profit margins as a result.

Legal and regulatory risks

Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject.

We are subject to complex laws, rules and regulations on an international, national and local level that affect our domestic and international operations relating to, for example, the environment and climate change; safety; health; trade, including import and export; bribery and corruption; financial reporting; tax; data privacy and protection; labor and employment; competition; facilities and code compliance; market access; pandemics, epidemics or other public health crises; intellectual property ownership and infringement; and the movement of currency. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may be onerous and expensive and could restrict our ability to manufacture or ship our products and operate our business. From time to time, we receive inquiries from government entities regarding our compliance with laws and regulations, and we could be subject to related litigation, investigations or enforcement activity that can be unpredictable and time-consuming, as well as disruptions to our operations, or significant fines, penalties or other legal liability. Furthermore, should these laws, rules and regulations be amended or expanded, or new ones enacted, we could incur materially greater compliance costs or restrictions on our ability to manufacture our products and operate our business.

Increased focus from government authorities, investors, customers and other key stakeholders on environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters has led to new and more stringent reporting standards and disclosure requirements. As the nature, scope and complexity of ESG reporting, diligence and disclosure requirements expand, we might have to undertake costly efforts to control, assess and report on ESG metrics. Any failure, or perceived failure, to achieve stated goals or meet stakeholder expectations and standards could adversely affect our results of operations and reputation.

Some of these complex laws, rules and regulations - for example, those related to environmental, safety and health requirements - may particularly affect us in the jurisdictions in which we manufacture products, especially if such laws and regulations: require the use of abatement equipment beyond what we currently employ; require the addition or elimination of a material or process to or from our current manufacturing processes; or impose costs, fees or reporting requirements on the direct or indirect use of energy, natural resources, or materials or gases used or emitted into the environment in connection with the manufacture of our products. A substitute for a prohibited material or process might not be available, or might not be available at reasonable cost.

Our results of operations could be affected by changes in tax-related matters.

We have facilities in more than 30 countries and as a result are subject to taxation and audit by a number of taxing authorities. Tax rates vary among the jurisdictions in which we operate. If our tax rate increases, our results of operations could be adversely affected. A number of factors could cause our tax rate to increase, including a change in the jurisdictions in which our profits are earned and taxed; a change in the mix of profits from those jurisdictions; changes in available tax credits or deductions, including for amounts relating to stock compensation; changes in applicable tax rates; changes in tariff regulations or surcharges; changes in accounting principles; or adverse resolution of audits by taxing authorities. We have deferred tax assets on our balance sheet. Changes in applicable tax laws and regulations or in our business performance could affect our ability to realize those deferred tax assets, which could also affect our results of operations.

We are subject to laws and regulations in various jurisdictions that determine how much profit has been earned and when it is subject to taxation in that jurisdiction. These laws and regulations can be complex and subject to interpretation. In addition, many countries have enacted or begun the process of enacting laws that align with the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development’s Base Erosion and Profit Shifting recommendations. Changes in these laws and regulations could affect the locations where we are deemed to earn income, which could in turn affect our results of operations. Each quarter we forecast our tax expense based on our forecast of our performance for the year. If that performance forecast changes, our forecasted tax expense will change.

We have received and may in the future continue to receive government incentives, including but not limited to tax incentives, designed to encourage certain investments in our operations. We may be subject to increased scrutiny from government entities, shareholders and others on how these incentives are used and spent. Such incentives could be subject to reduction, modification, clawback or termination, and such changes to these incentives could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation.

Our performance depends in part on our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and to maintain freedom of operation.

Access to worldwide markets depends in part on the continued strength of our intellectual property portfolio in all jurisdictions where we conduct business. There can be no assurance that, as our business evolves, we will obtain the necessary intellectual property rights, or that we will be able to independently develop the technology, software or know-how necessary to conduct our business or that we can do so without infringing the intellectual property rights of others. To the extent that we have to rely on technology from others for which a license is required, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such a license at all or on terms we consider reasonable. We, directly and indirectly, face infringement claims from third parties, including nonpracticing entities that have acquired patents to pursue enforcement actions against other companies. We also face infringement claims where we or our customers make, use or sell products and where the intellectual property laws may be less established or less predictable. These assertions, whether or not of any merit, expose us to claims for damages and/or injunctions from third parties, as well as claims for indemnification by our customers in instances where we have a contractual or other legal obligation to indemnify them against damages resulting from infringement claims.

We actively enforce and protect our own intellectual property rights. However, our efforts cannot prevent all misappropriation or improper use of our protected technology and information, including, for example, third parties’ use of our patented or copyrighted technology, our trade secrets, or unauthorized copying and cloning, in their products without the right to do so, or third parties’ sale of counterfeit products bearing our trademark. Activities such as those listed above may affect our reputation and impede our ability to sell our products. The laws of countries where we operate may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as U. S. laws.

Risks related to our financing activities and other risks

Our debt could affect our operations and financial condition.

From time to time, we issue debt securities with various interest rates and maturities. While we believe we will have the ability to service this debt, our ability to make principal and interest payments when due depends upon our future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles, and business and other factors affecting our operations, including our other risk factors, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, our obligation to make principal and interest payments could divert funds that otherwise might be invested in our operations or returned to shareholders, or could cause us to raise funds by, for example, issuing new debt or equity or selling assets.

Our results of operations and liquidity could be affected by changes in the financial markets.

We maintain bank accounts, a portfolio of investments, access to one or more revolving credit agreements and the ability to issue debt to support the financing needs of the company. Our ability to fund our operations, invest in our business, make strategic acquisitions, service our debt obligations and meet our cash return objectives depends upon continuous access to our bank and investment accounts, and may depend on access to our bank credit lines that support commercial paper borrowings and provide additional liquidity through short-term bank loans. If we are unable to access these accounts and credit lines (for example, due to instability in the financial markets), our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected and our ability to access the capital markets or redeem our investments could be restricted.

Material impairments of our goodwill could adversely affect our results of operations.

We have a significant amount of goodwill on our consolidated balance sheet. Charges associated with impairments of goodwill could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

ITEM 1B. Unresolved staff comments