ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

Our short and long-term success is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which involve factors that are difficult to predict or beyond our control. As a result, investing in our common stock involves substantial risk. Before deciding to purchase, hold or sell our common stock, stockholders and potential stockholders should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to the other information contained in or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report, as well as the other information we file with the SEC. If any of these risks are realized, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the value of our common stock could decline, and stockholders may lose all or part of their investment. Furthermore, additional risks and uncertainties of which we are currently unaware, or which we currently consider to be immaterial, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Certain statements made in this section constitute “forward-looking statements,” which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties including those described in this section. Refer to the section entitled “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” within this Annual Report for additional information.

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY

The footwear, apparel, and accessories industry is subject to rapid changes in consumer preferences, and if we do not accurately anticipate and promptly respond to consumer demand and spending patterns, including by successfully introducing new products, we could lose sales, our relationships with customers could be harmed, and our brand loyalty could be diminished.

The footwear, apparel, and accessories industry is subject to rapid changes in consumer preferences and fashion tastes, which make it difficult to anticipate demand for our products and forecast our financial results. Our success is driven to some extent by brand loyalty, and there can be no assurance that consumers will continue to prefer our brands. Consumer demand for our products depends in part on the continued strength of our brands, which in turn depends on our ability to anticipate, understand, and promptly respond to the rapidly changing preferences and fashion tastes, as well as consumer spending patterns, with appealing merchandise. As our brands and product offerings evolve, it is necessary for our products to appeal to an even broader range of consumers whose preferences cannot be predicted with certainty. New footwear models that we introduce may not be successful with consumers or our brands may fall out of favor with consumers. If we are unable to anticipate, identify, or react appropriately to changes in consumer preferences, our revenues may decrease, our brands’ image may suffer, our operating performance may decline, and we may not be able to execute our growth plans. Even if we develop and manufacture new footwear products that consumers find appealing, their ultimate success may depend on our pricing, and we may set the prices of new styles too high for the market to bear.   

Further, the value of our brands is based on evolving consumer perceptions, including as a result of shifting ethical, political or social standards, and concerns with respect product quality, design, technical performance, components or materials (including their sustainability), or customer service could result in negative perceptions and the loss of brand loyalty and value. These concerns may be exacerbated by negative publicity regarding us or our products, brands, marketing campaigns, partners, or endorsers, which could adversely affect our reputation and sales regardless of the accuracy of such claims. Social media and digital marketing campaigns, which accelerate the dissemination of information, can increase the challenges of containing negative claims. If consumers perceive our brands negatively, whether or not warranted, our brand image would become tarnished and our products would become less desirable, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Failure to gain market acceptance for new products could impede our ability to maintain or grow current revenue levels, reduce profits, adversely affect the image of our brands, erode our competitive position, and result in long-term harm to our business and financial results.

Changes in economic conditions may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Volatile economic conditions and changes in the market have affected, and may continue to affect, consumer spending generally and the buying habits and preferences of consumers. A significant portion of the products we sell, especially those sold under the UGG and HOKA brands, are premium retail products. The purchase of these products is discretionary and is therefore highly dependent upon the level of consumer confidence and discretionary spending. Sales of these products may be adversely affected by variable economic factors, including worsening economic conditions, consumer confidence in future economic conditions, changes to fuel, energy, labor, and healthcare costs, declines in income or asset values, and increases in consumer debt levels, inflation and interest rates, and unemployment rates. Uncertainty in global economic conditions may result in unpredictable consumer discretionary spending trends. During an actual or perceived economic downturn, fewer consumers may shop for our products, and those who do may limit the amount of their purchases or seek less costly substitutes for our products. As a result, we could be required to reduce the price we can charge for our products or increase our marketing and promotional expenses to generate additional demand for our products. In either case, these changes could reduce our sales and profitability, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

We sell a significant portion of our products through higher-end specialty and department store retailers, as well as through online marketplaces. The businesses of these customers may be affected by factors such as changes in economic conditions, ongoing geopolitical conflicts and uncertainties, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, failures or instability in the US banking system, reduced consumer demand for premium products, decreases in available credit, and increased competition. If our customers face financial difficulties, it could have an adverse effect on our estimated allowances and reserves, and potentially result in us losing key customers.

We face intense competition from both established companies and newer entrants into the market, and our failure to compete effectively could cause our market share to decline, which could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

The footwear, apparel, and accessories industry is highly competitive and subject to changing consumer preferences and tastes. Our inability to compete effectively could cause our market share to decline, which could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our competitors include both established companies and newer entrants into the market. In particular, we believe that, as a result of the growth of the UGG and HOKA brands, certain competitors have entered the marketplace specifically in response to the success of our brands, and other competitors may do so in the future, particularly as access to offshore manufacturing and changes in technology make it easier and more cost effective to compete. A number of our larger competitors have significantly greater financial, technological, engineering, manufacturing, marketing, and distribution resources than we do, as well as greater brand awareness in the footwear, apparel, and accessories markets among consumers. As a result, we have faced, and expect to continue to face, intense pressure with respect to competition for key customer accounts and distribution channels. These competitors may have relationships with our key retail customers that are more important to those customers because of the significantly larger volume and product mix that our competitors sell to them. Our competitors’ greater resources may enable them to more effectively compete on the basis of price and production, develop new products more quickly or with superior technical capabilities, adapt to changes in technology, including the successful utilization of 

data analytics, artificial intelligence, and machine learning, market their products and brands more successfully, identify or influence consumer preferences, increase their market share, withstand the effects of seasonality, and manage periodic downturns in the footwear, apparel, and accessories industry or in economic conditions. As a result of these pressures, we have faced, and expect to continue to face, intense pricing pressure. Efforts by our competitors to dispose of excess inventories may significantly reduce prices of competitive products, which may pressure us to reduce the pricing of our products to compete, or cause consumers to shift their purchasing decisions away from our products entirely. Further, we believe that our key customers face intense competition from their competitors, which could negatively affect the financial stability of their businesses and their ability to conduct business with us.

If we are unsuccessful at managing product manufacturing decisions to offset the inherent seasonality of our business, we may be unable to accurately forecast our inventory and working capital requirements, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Like other companies in our industry, we have an extended design and manufacturing process, which involves product design, material purchases, inventory accumulation and the subsequent sale of the inventories, and accounts receivable collection. This cycle requires us to incur significant expense relating to the design, manufacturing, and marketing of our products in advance of the realization of revenue from sales, and results in significant liquidity requirements and working capital fluctuations throughout our fiscal year. Because this cycle involves long lead times, which require us to make manufacturing decisions months in advance of an anticipated purchasing decision by the consumer, it is challenging to manage our inventory and working capital requirements. Further, supply chain disruptions may drive higher inventory procurement positions that could negatively affect our gross margins as a result of selling excess quantities though close out channels. Further, once manufacturing decisions are made, it is difficult to predict and timely adjust expenses, accurately forecast our financial results, and meet the expectations of analysts and investors, including as a result of: 

•the effects of unfavorable or unexpected weather patterns on consumer spending and demand for our products, as the sales of a majority of our UGG brand products are inherently seasonal and the effects of climate change may pronounce these conditions;

•changes in consumer preferences, tastes, discretionary spending, and prevailing fashion trends;

•market acceptance of our current products and new products, and of competitive products;

•the competitive environment, including pricing pressure from reduced pricing of competitive products, which may cause consumers to shift their purchasing decisions away from our products;

•delays in resource or product availability from supply chain disruptions; and

•uncertain macroeconomic and political conditions. 

The evolution and expansion of our brands and product offerings have made our inventory management activities more challenging. For example, if we overestimate demand for any products or styles, we may be forced to incur significant markdowns or sell excess inventories at reduced prices, which would result in lower revenues and reduced gross margin, and we may not be able to recover our investment in the development of new styles and product lines. On the other hand, if we underestimate demand, or if our independent manufacturing facilities are unable to supply products in sufficient quantities, we may experience inventory shortages that may prevent us from fulfilling customer orders or result in us delaying shipments to customers. If that occurred, we could lose sales, our relationships with customers could be harmed, and our brand loyalty could be diminished. In either event, these factors could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

We rely upon a number of warehouse and distribution facilities to operate our business, and any damage to one of these facilities, or any disruptions caused by incorporating new facilities into our operations, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We rely upon a broad network of warehouse and distribution facilities to store, sort, package and distribute our products. In the US, we distribute products primarily through self-managed US DCs in Moreno Valley, California, and in Mooresville, Indiana (including the recent expansion to a second location that became operational in October 2023), which feature a complex warehouse management system that enables us to efficiently pack products for direct shipment to our customers and consumers. We expect our recent domestic DC expansion to create long-term capacity for the domestic growth of the UGG and HOKA brands. We could face a significant disruption in our domestic DC operations if our warehouse management system does not perform as anticipated or ceases to function for an extended period of time, which could occur due to damage to the facility, failure of software or equipment, cyber-security incidents, power outages or similar problems. In addition, if our domestic DC operations 

15


and scaling efforts are impeded or delayed for any reason, it could result in shipment delays or the inability to deliver product at all, which would result in lost sales, strain our relationships with customers and consumers, and cause harm to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We depend on 3PLs to manage the operation of their DCs as necessary to meet our business needs in certain markets. Internationally, we distribute our products through DCs managed by 3PLs in certain international locations. If our 3PLs fail to manage these responsibilities, or if their operations are disrupted as a result of factors outside of their control, such as sanctions that could in the future be imposed on China by the US government, our distribution operations could face significant disruption. The loss of or disruption to the operations of any one or more of these facilities could materially adversely affect our sales, business performance, and results of operations. Although we believe we possess adequate insurance to cover the potential effect of a disruption to the operations of these facilities, such insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 

We rely upon independent manufacturers for most of our production needs, and the failure of these manufacturers to manage these responsibilities would prevent us from filling customer orders, which would result in loss of sales and harm our relationships with customers.

We rely upon independent manufacturers and their respective material suppliers for most of our production needs, the majority of which are located in China and Vietnam, and we do not have direct control over these manufacturers or their suppliers. We expect these manufacturers to finance the production of goods ordered, maintain manufacturing capacity, comply with our policies, and store finished goods in a safe location pending shipment. Further, because most of our independent manufacturers are concentrated in Asia, we may be subject to an increased risk of supply chain disruption, particularly in the event of a natural disaster, epidemic, geopolitical tensions, or other event outside of our control affecting the region. If any of these were to occur, we may not be able to timely source raw and other materials, manufacture product, or fill customer orders, or product delivered may not meet our quality standards, which would result in lost sales and harm to our relationships with customers.

There can be no assurance of a long-term, uninterrupted supply of products from our independent manufacturers. While we have long-standing relationships with most of these manufacturers, any of them may unilaterally terminate their relationship with us at any time, seek to increase the prices they charge, or extract other concessions from us, and we may not be able to substitute alternative manufacturers that are capable of providing products of a comparable quality, in a sufficient quantity, at an acceptable price, or on a timely basis. If we are required to find alternative manufacturers, we could experience manufacturing delays, increased manufacturing costs, and substantial disruption to our business, any of which could negatively affect our results of operations.

Interruptions in the supply of our products can also result from adverse events that impair our manufacturers’ operations. For example, we keep proprietary materials necessary to produce our products, such as shoe molds and other materials, in the custody of our independent manufacturers. If these independent manufacturers were to lose or damage these proprietary materials, we cannot be assured that the manufacturers would have adequate insurance to cover such loss or damage, and, in any event, the replacement of such materials would likely result in significant delays in the production of our products, which could result in a loss of sales and earnings.

Our financial success is influenced by the success of our customers, and the loss of a key customer could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Much of our financial success is related to the ability of our customers, which include our retailer and distributor partners, to successfully market and sell our brands to consumers. If a customer fails to satisfy contractual obligations or otherwise meet our expectations, or experiences operational issues, it may be difficult to locate an acceptable alternative. Any disruption to these relationships may result in increased costs or loss of customers. In addition, there is no guarantee that a new customer will generate results that are more favorable than the terminated party.

We face a risk that key customers may not increase their business with us as we expect or may significantly decrease their business with us or terminate our relationship. Although no single customer accounted for 10.0% or more of our total net sales during fiscal year 2024, our top ten customers made up 24.2% of total net sales. The failure to increase sales with our key customers would have a negative effect on our growth prospects, and any decrease or loss of these customers’ business could result in a material decrease in our net sales and net income if we are unable to capture these sales through our DTC channel. Further, as of March 31, 2024, we have two customers that represent 31.2% of trade accounts receivable, net. Trade accounts receivable, net are typically 

16


unsecured and thus subject us to a risk that we will be unable to timely collect on amounts owed, which could affect our revenue and liquidity. Sales to our customers are on an order-by-order basis and may be cancelled or rescheduled by our customers. We rely on purchase order delivery dates as a key factor to forecast our sales and earnings, and if our customers postpone, reduce, or discontinue purchases from us, we could fail to meet our forecasted results. These risks have been exacerbated as our key customers are impacted by significant structural changes to the retail industry fueled by changing technology, consumer purchasing behavior, and economic conditions, as well as a shrinking retail footprint. These trends have been, and may in the future be, intensified by a pandemic or other public health emergency. We may lose key customers if they fail to manage the effect of this rapidly changing retail environment. Any loss of one of these key customers, or a significant reduction in purchases from one of these customers, could result in a significant decline in sales, write-downs of excess inventory, or pressure to discount our products, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Further, a key customer may dispose of their excess inventories to consumers or unauthorized sellers at significantly reduced prices, which may put pressure on us to reduce our prices to compete, or cause consumers to shift their purchasing decisions away from our authorized sellers entirely. 

We depend on qualified personnel and, if we are unable to retain or hire executive officers, key employees, and skilled personnel, we may not be able to achieve our strategic objectives and our results of operations may suffer.

To execute our growth plan, we must continue to attract and retain highly qualified personnel, including executive officers and key employees. Further, to continue to develop new products and successfully operate and grow our key business processes, it is important for us to continue hiring and retaining personnel in highly skilled footwear, apparel and accessories design, marketing, merchandising, sourcing, technology, operations, including our DCs and retail stores, and support functions. Competition for executive officers, key employees, and skilled personnel is intense within our industry and there continues to be upward pressure on the compensation paid to these professionals. Changes to our office environment, adoption of new work models, and our expectations about when or how often employees work on-site or remotely may not meet our employees’ expectations. As certain jobs and employers operate remotely, traditional geographic competition for talent may change in ways that cannot be fully predicted. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater name recognition and financial resources than we have. Further, the recent strength of our results of operations and growing market capitalization may result in other companies and competitors perceiving our employees as more desirable. If our employment proposition is not perceived as favorable compared to other companies’ policies, it could negatively affect our ability to attract, hire, and retain our employees. While we are committed to offering competitive compensation and benefits to employees across our business to positively affect attrition, which affects our selling, general, and administrative (SG&A) expenses, our domestic headquarters are located in Goleta, California, which is not generally recognized as a prominent commercial center, and it is difficult to attract qualified professionals due to our location. If we hire employees from competitors or other companies, their former employers may assert that we or these employees have breached legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources. In addition, prospective and existing employees often consider the value of the stock-based compensation when deciding whether to take a job. If our stock price experiences volatility, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit, retain, and motivate qualified personnel and we may be unable to execute our growth plan or achieve our long-term strategic objectives, our results of operations may suffer, and it may damage our reputation as a preferred employer, which would challenge our ability to effectively compete across the global labor market.

We believe that our culture has been and will continue to be a key contributor to our success. If we do not maintain our culture and core values over time, we may be unable to foster the passion, creativity, teamwork, focus, and innovation that have contributed to the growth and success of our business. Any failure to preserve our culture could negatively affect our ability to recruit and retain personnel and to achieve our strategic objectives. 

The continued service of our executive officers and key employees is particularly important, and the hiring or departure of such personnel may disrupt our business or result in the depletion of significant institutional knowledge. Our executive officers and key employees are employed on an at-will basis, which means that they can terminate their employment with us at any time. The loss of one or more of our executive officers or other key employees or significant turnover in our senior management, and the often-extensive process of identifying and hiring other personnel to fill those key positions, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

17


As discussed in the section titled “Recent Developments” under Part I, Item 1, “Business” within this Annual Report, we announced that Stefano Caroti will be replacing Dave Powers as CEO and President upon Mr. Powers’ retirement, effective August 1, 2024. While we have confidence in Mr. Caroti and the rest of our team, the uncertainty inherent in this leadership transition could adversely disrupt our business. 

We use sheepskin to manufacture a significant portion of our products, and if we are unable to obtain a sufficient quantity of sheepskin at acceptable prices that meets our quality expectations, or if there are legal or social impediments to our ability to use sheepskin, it could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We purchase certain raw materials that are affected by commodity prices, the most significant of which is sheepskin. The supply of sheepskin, which is used to manufacture a significant portion of our UGG brand products, is in high demand and there are limited suppliers that are able to provide the quantity and quality of sheepskin that we require. In addition, our unique product design and animal welfare standards require sheepskin that may be found only in certain geographies. We presently rely on only two tanneries in China to provide the majority of our sheepskin, which they source primarily from Australia. If the sheepskin provided by these tanneries and the resulting products we produce do not conform to our quality or sustainability specifications or fail to meet consumer expectations, we could experience reduced demand for our products, a higher rate of customer returns, and negative effects on the image of our brands, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Similarly, if these tanneries are not able to deliver sheepskin in the quantities required, or were to cease operations, we may not be able to timely obtain suitable substitute materials, which would limit our ability to meet demand for our products, lead to inventory shortages, result in a loss of sales, strain our customer relationships, and harm our reputation. In addition, any factors that negatively affect the business of these tanneries, or the businesses of the suppliers that warehouse their inventories, such as loss of customers, financial instability, loss or destruction of property, work stoppages, political instability, or acts of terrorism or catastrophic events, could result in shortages in our supply of sheepskin.

While we have experienced stable pricing in recent years, fluctuations in the price of sheepskin could occur as a result of any factors that increase the demand for, or decrease the supply of, sheepskin, including weather patterns, supply conditions, energy prices, work stoppages, increased logistics costs, government regulation, sanctions and policy, economic climates, market speculation, compliance with our standards, harvesting decisions, incidence of disease, the price of other commodities, such as wool and leather, the demand for our products and the products of our competitors, and global economic conditions, any of which would increase our manufacturing costs and reduce our gross margin. The impacts of any of these factors may be exacerbated by global climate change. While we use purchasing contracts and other pricing arrangements to reduce the effect of sheepskin price fluctuations on our results of operations, we may be unable to offset the negative effect of a prolonged increase in such prices on our results of operations. In that event, it is unlikely we would be able to adjust our product prices sufficiently to eliminate the effect on our gross margin and our financial results may suffer. 

In addition, our industry is characterized by rapidly changing fashion trends and consumer preferences, and we believe there is a growing trend to eliminate the use of certain animal products, most notably fur, in footwear, apparel, and accessories. For example, the sale of fur is banned in certain US cities, and similar legislation is being considered in other geographies. While the use of leather and sheepskin has typically not been subject to these restrictions, it is possible that future legislation could restrict our ability to use sheepskin in the products we sell in certain geographies. In addition, notwithstanding whether specific legislation is passed, it is possible that consumer preferences may change based on evolving ethical or social standards, such that our products may potentially become less desirable to certain consumers. Because sheepskin is used to manufacture a significant portion of our UGG brand products, any legal or social impediments to the sale of sheepskin products, especially within our large target markets, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We rely on technical innovation, as well as increased use of preferred materials, to compete in the market for our products.

Our success relies in part on our continued innovation in both the materials we use and the design of our footwear. In particular, our HOKA brand maintains its competitiveness through continuous product innovation and timely introduction of new features and technologies that align with current and emerging consumer expectations. Also, we continue to invest in research and development to drive our efforts to increasingly incorporate preferred materials in our products as part of our sustainability efforts. For example, we leverage our proprietary UGGplush material, which incorporates repurposed wool to reduce our use of virgin wool, and we utilize sugarcane-derived 

18


EVA, as opposed to petroleum-derived EVA, within certain UGG brand products. We also increasingly use preferred synthetics, such as recycled polyester, recycled nylon, recycled polyethylene, and bio-based ethylene, preferred regenerated or synthetic cellulosic fibers, such as TENCEL™ Lyocell and TENCEL™ Modal, and preferred plant fibers, such as cotton sourced through responsible cotton schemes, hemp, linen, ramie, and jute, and the responsible-down certified standard. Although we continue to invest in research and development to refine our materials and develop new properties for specific applications, if we fail to introduce technical innovation in our products or experience issues with the quality of our products or materials, consumer demand for our products could decline and we may experience reputational damage. Further, as our brands transition to suppliers with preferred materials, we may be subject to increased costs or supply constraints, which could reduce our sales and profitability and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

We may not succeed in implementing our growth strategies, including through identifying new retail store locations that meet our requirements, in which case we may not be able to take advantage of certain market opportunities and may become less competitive.

As part of our overall growth strategy, we are continually seeking out opportunities to enhance the positioning of our brands, diversify our product offerings, extend our brands into complementary product categories and markets, expand geographically, optimize our retail presence both in stores and online, and improve our financial performance and operational efficiency. Our future growth depends in part on our expansion efforts outside of North America (international growth strategy). For example, we have opened HOKA brand retail locations in international markets through Company-owned stores and through third-party partners, and we have expanded our international flagship store presence for the UGG and HOKA brands. Flagship stores play a crucial role in brand market positioning, and are operated to have neutral operating profitability, are typically greater in size, and involve more extensive leasehold improvements and furniture and fixtures compared to our other concept retail stores. If we are unable to identify new retail locations with consumer traffic sufficient to support a profitable sales level or elevate our brand market positioning, our retail growth may be limited. Global store openings involve substantial investments, including leasehold improvements, furniture and fixtures, equipment, information systems, inventory, and personnel. Successful operation of a retail store depends, in part, on the overall ability of the retail location to attract a consumer base sufficient to generate profitable store sales volumes, and if we have insufficient sales at a new store location, we may be unable to avoid losses or negative cash flows. Furthermore, our future growth also depends in part on our ability to effectively manage the profitability of our existing retail locations. For example, our failure to successfully identify and close underperforming stores in a timely manner could have a number of material adverse effects, such as impairments and a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

We also license the right to operate our brand retail stores to third parties through our partner retail program. Most of the partner retail stores are operated in international markets. We provide training to support these stores and set and monitor operational standards. However, the quality of these store operations may decline due to the failure of these third parties to operate the stores in a manner consistent with our standards or our failure to adequately monitor these third parties, which could result in reduced sales and cause our brand image to suffer. 

As part of our international growth strategy, we may transition certain brands in certain geographies from a third-party distribution model to a direct distribution model or vice versa. Failure to effectively implement our growth strategies and develop our business in new international markets, or disappointing growth within existing markets, could negatively affect our revenues and rate of growth and result in our business becoming less competitive. In addition, taking steps to implement our growth strategies could have a number of negative effects, including increasing our working capital needs, causing us to incur costs without any corresponding benefits, and diverting management time and resources away from our existing business.

Global climate change, including extreme weather conditions, natural disasters, public health issues, or other events beyond our control, as well as related regulations, have adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, our business. 

Natural disasters or other catastrophic events, including the effects of global climate change and a pandemic, may damage or disrupt our operations, international markets, and the global economy. Our operations are subject to interruption from extreme weather events, power shortages, pandemics, terrorism, political instability, telecommunications failure, cyber-attacks, war, and other events beyond our control. Although we maintain disaster recovery plans, such events could disrupt our operations or those of our independent manufacturers, suppliers and customers, including through the inability of personnel to work, destruction of facilities, loss of life, and adverse effects on supply chains, power, infrastructure and the integrity of IT systems, all of which could materially increase 

19


our costs and expenses, delay or decrease sales, and disrupt our ability to maintain business continuity. We could incur significant capital expenditures and other costs to improve the climate-related resiliency of our infrastructure and otherwise prepare for, respond to, and mitigate the effects of climate change, including compliance with evolving, and at times inconsistent, country specific laws and regulations. We could also experience increased costs for energy, production, transportation, raw and other materials, as well as higher insurance premiums and deductibles, which could adversely affect our operations. Our insurance may not be sufficient to cover losses that we may sustain. A significant natural disaster or other event that disrupts our operations or those of our partners or customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Any assessment of the potential impact of future climate change legislation, regulations, or industry standards, as well as any international treaties and accords, is uncertain given the wide scope of potential regulatory change in the countries in which we operate.

These events could also adversely affect the supply of raw materials, including sheepskin and leather, which are key resources in the production of our products, disrupt the operation of our supply chain and the productivity of our contract manufacturers, increase our production costs, impose capacity restraints, and affect the types of products that consumers purchase. If consumers increasingly adopt plant-based diets for personal reasons, this could reduce the supply of sheep for the meat industry, and in turn, hinder our ability to source sufficient sheepskin for our products. Further, public health issues and related regulatory responses, including a pandemic, may reduce demand for certain products, deteriorate our ability, or the ability of our customers, to operate in affected regions, and result in the failure of key business partners to provide services for our efficient operations, including the inability of our manufacturers or third-party distributors to timely fulfill their obligations to us, any of which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Increasing expectations from investors, regulators, and other key stakeholders with respect to our ESG practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks.

Investor advocacy groups, certain institutional investors, investment funds, stockholders, customers, consumers, non-governmental organizations, and regulators, such as the SEC, are increasingly focused on corporate responsibility, specifically on the ESG practices of companies and the implications of the social and environmental costs of their investments. From time to time, we communicate certain ESG initiatives and goals to market participants and our customers and business partners, including through our annual Creating Change Report. Any ESG disclosure we make may include our policies, practices, initiatives, and goals on a variety of human rights, corporate governance, environmental compliance, sustainability, employee health and safety practices, human capital management, product quality, supply chain management, and workforce inclusion and diversity. Although we have undertaken expansive efforts to improve and implement our ESG initiatives, it is possible that stakeholders may not be satisfied with such disclosures, our ESG practices or the speed of their adoption. The establishment of ESG criteria and key metrics, as well as the collection of relevant ESG data subject to developing internal controls and processes, can be costly, challenging, and time consuming, and is subject to evolving ESG reporting standards and regulations. If our ESG practices do not meet investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, which continue to evolve, or if we are perceived to have not appropriately responded to the growing concern for ESG issues, regardless of whether there is a legal requirement to do so, it may negatively affect our employee retention and recruitment, or we may suffer from reputational damage and our business and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. We may also incur additional costs or require additional resources to monitor such stakeholder expectations and standards and to meet our targets and commitments. Further, we could fail, or be perceived to fail, to achieve our ESG initiatives or goals, or we could fail to report our progress fully and accurately on such initiatives and goals, which could negatively affect our reputation, employee retention and recruitment, and the willingness of our customers and suppliers to do business with us.

Increasing focus on ESG matters has resulted in, and is expected to continue to result in, the adoption of legal and regulatory requirements designed to mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment and requiring climate-related disclosures. If new laws or regulations are more stringent than current legal or regulatory requirements, we may experience increased compliance burdens and costs to meet such obligations. Our processes and controls for reporting ESG matters and related data across our operations and supply chain are evolving along with multiple disparate standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics, including ESG-related disclosures required by the SEC, European, and other regulators, such as California, and such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future.

20


We face risks associated with pursuing strategic acquisitions and divestitures, and our failure to successfully integrate any acquired business or product could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position.

As part of our overall strategy, we may periodically consider strategic acquisitions to expand our brands into complementary product categories and markets, or to acquire new brands, technologies, intellectual property, or other assets. Our ability to do so depends on our ability to identify and successfully pursue suitable acquisition opportunities. Such acquisitions involve numerous risks, challenges, and uncertainties, including the potential to: 

•expose us to risks inherent in entering into a new market or geographic region; 

•lose significant customers or key personnel of the acquired business; 

•encounter difficulties managing and implementing acquired assets;

•encounter difficulties marketing to new consumers or managing geographically remote operations;

•divert management’s time and attention away from other aspects of our business operations; and 

•incur costs relating to a potential acquisition that we fail to consummate, which we may not recover.

Additionally, we may not be able to successfully integrate the assets or operations of any acquired businesses into our operations, or to achieve the expected benefits of any acquisitions. Following an acquisition, we may also face cannibalization of existing product sales by our newly acquired products, unless we adequately integrate new products with our existing products, aggressively target different consumers for our newly acquired products and increase our overall market share. The failure to successfully integrate any acquired business or products in the future could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position.

Further, we may be required to issue equity securities to finance an acquisition, which would be dilutive to our stockholders, and the equity securities may have rights or preferences senior to those of our existing stockholders. If we incur indebtedness to finance an acquisition, it will result in debt service costs, and we may be subject to covenants restricting our operations or liens encumbering our assets. 

As part of our overall strategy to allocate resources that best align with our long-term objectives, we may seek to sell one or more brands. For example, during October 2023, we announced that we intend to divest the Sanuk brand. These transactions involve financial and operational risks, including diverting management and employee time and attention away from other aspects of our business, separating personnel and financial and other systems, impairments, and adversely affecting relationships with existing suppliers and customers. Further, during the fourth fiscal quarter for the year ended March 31, 2024, we recorded an impairment loss of $8,164 in SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the Sanuk brand definite-lived trademark, driven by lower-than-expected results of operations for the wholesale channel. Refer to the subsection “Definite-Lived Intangible and Other Long-Lived Assets” in the “Critical Accounting Policies” section in Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” within this Annual Report for further information.

The process of completing any acquisitions or divestitures may be time-consuming, involve significant costs and expenses, and may not yield a benefit if the transactions are not completed successfully. In situations where acquisitions or divestitures are not successfully implemented or completed, or the expected benefits of such acquisitions or divestitures are not otherwise realized, our business or financial results could be negatively impacted.

RISKS RELATED TO OUR GLOBAL BUSINESS STRATEGY AND OPERATIONS, AND INTERNATIONAL COMMERCE

Supply chain disruptions could interrupt product manufacturing and global logistics and increase product and transportation costs. 

Our business depends on our ability to source and distribute products in a timely manner. We continue to proactively mitigate any effects of future disruptions by expanding and reallocating production capacity with our existing sourcing partners and onboarding new long-term partners to diversify our country-level manufacturing and sourcing lines. We plan to continue growing our distribution network to support our long-term strategic objectives but have experienced and may continue to experience headwinds in connection with these efforts. Failure to adequately 

21


produce and timely ship our products to customers could lead to lost potential revenue, failure to meet consumer demand, strained relationships with customers and diminished brand loyalty. 

Port congestion, temporary closures, and worker shortages may disrupt the operations of our independent manufacturers and 3PLs, as well as those of our DCs, and may increase the global lead-time for shipments of our products. In addition, in recent years, global ocean transportation costs, as well as freight costs in the US, have risen dramatically due to labor shortages and disputes, increased labor costs, congestion at ports of entry, increased safety, environmental, labor regulations, and global inflation. Further, while our operations in the regions are not significant, the Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas conflicts are sources of uncertainty. These conflicts could grow and bring about disruption, instability, and volatility in global markets, supply chains, and logistics, and have contributed to shipping disruptions in the Red Sea and surrounding waterways, which could in turn adversely affect our business operations and financial performance.

Elevated inventory levels, combined with the uneven flow of receipts and shipments, could cause further capacity pressures within our US DCs and 3PLs. For example, we are in the process of expanding our distribution network for HOKA brand wholesale operations to our DC in Mooresville, Indiana. If we are unsuccessful in achieving our transition timelines, we may be limiting our ability to efficiently fulfill orders for our wholesale partners and consumers. These pressures may be exacerbated by labor disputes that affect the operations of our partners, which creates significant risk for our business, particularly if these disputes result in work slowdowns, strikes, or similar disruptions. As we manage product availability from supply chain or other disruptions, the timing of sales to our wholesale partners and consumers may be affected, which may result in increased risk of order cancellations. 

While we have historically used more expensive air freight to ship our products to meet demand in the past, we continued to reduce our use of air freight into fiscal year 2024. However, if we experience such fluctuations in product demand and costs in future periods, we may be required to leverage air freight in future periods to maintain service levels. 

Most of our independent manufacturers are located outside of the US and subject us to various risks associated with international regulations, trade agreements, and geopolitical relations.

Most of our independent manufacturers are located in Asia, and products manufactured overseas and imported into the US and other countries are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. For example, while we require our independent manufacturers and suppliers to adhere to environmental, labor, ethical, health, safety, and other business practices and laws, and while we periodically visit and audit their operations, we do not control their business practices. If non-compliant manufacturers or suppliers cannot or will not become compliant, we will cease conducting business with them, which could increase our costs and interrupt our supply chain. Our manufacturers’ violations of laws and business standards could also result in negative publicity or product recall, which could damage our reputation, brand value, and cause us to incur additional costs. Further, if our manufacturers or suppliers violate US or foreign trade laws or regulations, we may be subject to extra duties, significant monetary penalties, the seizure, and forfeiture of products we are attempting to import, or the loss of our import privileges, which could have a negative effect on our results of operations.

Our international manufacturing operations are subject to numerous other risks and uncertainties, including the following:

•tariffs, import and export controls, and other non-tariff barriers;

•poor infrastructure and equipment shortages, which can disrupt transportation and utilities;

•restrictions on the transfer of funds from foreign jurisdictions;

•changes in governmental regulations, including with respect to intellectual property, labor, safety, and the environment;

•the refusal of our partners to adopt or comply with our manufacturing policies;

•customary business traditions in certain countries such as local holidays, which are traditionally accompanied by elevated levels of turnover in the factories;

•decreased scrutiny by custom officials for counterfeit products;

•practices involving corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft, and other fraudulent activity; 

•use of unauthorized or prohibited materials or reclassification of materials;

•health-related concerns that could result in a reduced workforce or scarcity of raw and other materials; and

•adverse changes in consumer perception of goods sourced from certain countries.

22


While we have implemented measures to comply with applicable customs regulations and to properly calculate import duties, customs authorities may disagree with our claimed tariff treatment for certain products, resulting in unexpected costs that may not have been factored into the sales price of such products and our forecasted gross margin. In addition, we cannot predict whether future laws, regulations, trade remedy actions, or international agreements may impose additional duties or other restrictions on our ability to manufacture sufficient inventory or import products from one or more of our sourcing venues. Trade relations between our sourcing venues, particularly those in China, and the US have created uncertainty and there exists the potential for import duties or other restrictions on exports from China, which could increase our sourcing costs. We have transitioned most of our footwear sourcing from China to Vietnam as part of our supplier optimization strategy, and are beginning to diversify with footwear sourcing in Indonesia, but if we are unable to source our products from the countries where we wish to purchase them, or if the cost of doing so increases, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, because most of our products are manufactured in China and Vietnam, the possibility of adverse changes in trade or political relations with China or Vietnam, or other pressures in the region, including political instability, increased labor costs, adverse weather conditions, a natural disaster or incidence of disease could severely interfere with the manufacturing or shipment of our products and would have a material adverse effect on our operations.

Moreover, international trade policy is undergoing revision, introducing significant uncertainty with respect to future trade regulations and existing trade agreements. The negotiation of free trade agreements with countries other than our principal sourcing venues may stimulate competition for manufacturers, which may seek to export footwear, apparel, and accessories to our target markets at preferred rates of duty which may negatively affect our results of operations. 

Transportation and distribution costs may be adversely affected by new regulations, increased demand, increased fuel costs, labor disputes and higher costs, inflation, and political and economic instability. For example, labor disputes are escalating in Canada as well as the US East Coast. If a labor strike occurs in the future, we may experience trucking capacity constraints and potentially higher related costs, as well as port congestion on the US West Coast. The Panama Canal is experiencing capacity constraints as well due to drought. This combined with the ongoing Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas conflicts have impacted timeliness of shipments to Europe, and the resulting financial and economic sanctions imposed by various countries and organizations have affected transportation and energy costs. Further rising labor tensions, drought conditions, or additional sanctions imposed, could increase distribution costs, and create further capacity constraints in Europe and adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, the increased threat of terrorist activity, and law enforcement responses to this threat, have required greater levels of inspection of imported goods and caused delays in bringing imported goods to market. Any tightening of security procedures could worsen these delays and increase our costs.

Our sales in international markets are subject to a variety of legal, regulatory, political, cultural, and economic risks that may adversely affect our results of operations in certain regions.

Our ability to capitalize on growth in new international markets and to maintain the current level of operation in our existing international markets is subject to risks associated with international operations that could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. These risks include:

•foreign currency exchange rates fluctuations, most significantly, but not limited to, the Chinese Yuan, Great British Pound, and Euro, which affect the prices at which products are sold to international consumers;

•limitations on our ability to move currency out of international markets;

•burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws and regulations, which may change unexpectedly, and the interpretation and application of such laws and regulations;

•legal costs related to defending allegations of non-compliance with foreign laws;

•inability to import products into a foreign country;

•difficulties associated with promoting and marketing products in unfamiliar cultures; 

•political or economic uncertainty or instability, including the Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas conflicts, which has disrupted the global economy and has the potential to reduce levels of consumer spending, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, particularly our UGG and HOKA brands’ net sales; 

•changes in unemployment rates and consumer spending;

•anti-American sentiment in international markets in which we operate;

•changes in diplomatic and trade relationships between the US and other countries; and

23


•general economic fluctuations in specific countries or markets.

We conduct business outside the US, which exposes us to foreign currency exchange rate risk, and could have a negative effect on our financial results.

We operate on a global basis, with 33.2% of our total net sales for the year ended March 31, 2024, from operations outside the US. As we continue to increase our international operations, our sales and expenditures in foreign currencies are expected to become more material and subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. A significant portion of our international operating expenses are paid in local currencies and our foreign distributors typically sell our products in local currency, which affects the price to foreign consumers. Many of our subsidiaries operate with their local currency as their functional currency. Future foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and global credit markets may cause changes in the US dollar value of our purchases or sales and materially affect our sales, gross margin, and results of operations, when converted to US dollars. Changes in the value of the US dollar relative to other currencies could result in material foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and, as a result, our net earnings could be materially adversely affected. When the US dollar strengthens relative to foreign currencies, our revenues and profits denominated in foreign currencies are reduced when converted into US dollars and our margins may be negatively affected. We routinely utilize foreign currency exchange rate forward contracts or other derivative instruments for the amounts we expect to purchase and sell in foreign currencies to mitigate exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. As we continue to expand international operations and increase purchases and sales in foreign currencies, we may utilize additional derivative instruments to hedge our foreign currency exchange rate risk. Our hedging strategies depend on our forecasts of sales, expenses, and cash flows, which are inherently subject to inaccuracies. Foreign currency exchange rate hedges, transactions, remeasurements, or translations could materially affect our consolidated financial statements.

RISKS RELATED TO TECHNOLOGY, DATA SECURITY AND PRIVACY

A security breach or other disruption to our IT systems could result in the loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, or unauthorized access of customer, supplier, or sensitive Company information or could disrupt our operations, which could damage our relationships with customers, suppliers or employees, expose us to litigation or regulatory proceedings, or harm our reputation, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.

Our business involves the storage and transmission of a significant amount of personal, confidential, or sensitive information, including the personal information of our customers and employees, credit card information, and our proprietary financial, operational, and strategic information. The protection of this information is vitally important to us as the loss, theft, misuse, or unauthorized disclosure or access of such information could lead to significant reputation or competitive harm, result in litigation, expose us to regulatory proceedings, and cause us to incur substantial losses. As a result, we believe our future success and growth depends, in part, on the ability of our key business processes and systems, including those utilizing artificial intelligence (AI) such as generative AI, to prevent the theft, loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, or unauthorized access of this information, and to respond quickly and effectively if data security incidents occur. We are subject to numerous data privacy and security risks, which may prevent us from maintaining the privacy of this information, result in the disruption of our business, and require us to expend significant resources attempting to secure and protect such information and respond to incidents, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.

Our success also depends in part on the continued operation of our key business processes, including our IT and global communications systems. We rely on third-party IT service providers worldwide for many of our IT functions, including network, hardware, and software configuration. Additionally, we rely on internal networks and information systems and other technologies, including the internet and third-party hosted services, to support a variety of business processes and activities. Any disruption to these systems or networks could result in product fulfillment delays, key personnel being unable to perform duties or communicate throughout the organization, loss of sales, significant costs for data restoration, the inability to interpret data timely to enhance operations, and other adverse effects on our business and reputation. Further, we could experience information silos and inefficiencies across our organization if we do not invest in appropriate operational systems and processes. If we are unable to structure our systems and processes to respond to changing business needs, or if we or our third-party providers experience a failure or interruption in these systems, our ability to accurately forecast sales, report our financial position and results of operations, or otherwise manage and operate our business could be adversely affected.

24


The frequency, intensity, and sophistication of cyber-attacks, ransom-ware attacks, and other data security incidents have significantly increased in recent years. Like other businesses, we have experienced, and are continually at risk of, attacks and incidents. Additionally, external events, such as the Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas conflicts, can increase the likelihood of such incidents, and our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of, among other things, the evolving nature of these threats, the current global economic and political environment, our prominent size and scale, the advances in computer capabilities and AI, and the interconnectivity and interdependence of third parties to our systems. We expend significant resources on IT and data security tools, measures, and processes designed to protect our IT systems, as well as the information stored on or transmitted through those systems, and to ensure an effective response to any attack or incident. Whether these measures are successful, these expenditures could adversely effect on our financial condition and results of operations and divert management’s attention from pursuing our strategic objectives.

Although we take the security of our IT systems seriously, there can be no assurance that the measures we employ will prevent unauthorized persons from obtaining access to our systems and information, as well as those held by our third-party IT service providers. Despite our implementation of reasonable security measures, our systems and information may be susceptible to cyber-attacks or data security incidents. These risks may be exacerbated in a remote work environment. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to IT systems are constantly evolving, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate protective measures in response. Cyber-attacks or data incidents could remain undetected for some period, which could result in significant harm to our systems, as well as unauthorized access to the information stored on and transmitted by our systems. Further, despite our security efforts and training, our employees may purposefully or inadvertently cause security breaches. A cyber-attack or other data security incident could result in significant disruption of our business such that: 

•critical business systems become inoperable or require considerable time or cost to restore;

•personnel are unable to perform their duties or communicate with third-party partners;

•it results in the loss, theft, misuse, or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information;

•we are prevented from accessing information necessary to conduct our business;

•we are required to make unanticipated investments in equipment, technology, or security measures;

•customers cannot place or receive orders, and we are unable to timely ship orders or at all; or

•we become subject to other unanticipated liabilities, costs, or claims.

If any of these events were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and result in harm to our reputation. In addition, if a cyber-attack or other data incident results in the loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, or unauthorized access of personal, confidential, or sensitive information belonging to our customers, suppliers, or employees, it could put us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the deterioration of our customers’ confidence in our brands, cause our suppliers to reconsider their relationship with us or impose onerous contractual provisions, and subject us to litigation, liability, fines, and penalties. We could be subject to regulatory or other actions pursuant to domestic and international privacy laws, which could result in costly investigations and litigation, civil or criminal penalties, operational changes, and negative publicity that could adversely affect our reputation, as well as our results of operations and financial condition.

If we are found to have violated laws concerning the privacy and security of consumers’ or other individuals’ personal information, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties, which could increase our liabilities and harm our reputation or our business.

There are a number of domestic and international laws protecting the privacy and security of personal information. These laws include US state laws such as the California Consumer Privacy Act and the California Privacy Rights Act, as well as the General Data Protection Regulation in the EU, EU member state directives, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Acts in Canada, the Personal Information Protection Law in China, or similar applicable laws. These laws place limits on how we may collect, use, share and store personal information, and they impose obligations to protect that information. Further, we may be subject to new data privacy and security laws and regulations. If we, or any of our service providers who have access to the personal data for which we are responsible, are found to be in violation of the privacy or security requirements of applicable data protection laws, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties, which could increase our liabilities, harm our reputation, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Although we utilize a variety of measures to secure the data that we control, even compliant entities can experience security breaches or have inadvertent failures despite employing reasonable practices and safeguards.

25


If the technology-based systems that give our customers the ability to shop or interact with us online do not function effectively, our results of operations, as well as our ability to grow our e-commerce operations globally or to retain our customer base, could be materially adversely affected.

Many of our consumers shop with us through our Company-owned e-commerce websites or through third party digital marketplaces on which we operate. Consumer expectations and related competitive pressures have increased and are expected to continue to increase relative to various aspects of our e-commerce operations, including speed of product delivery, shipping charges, return privileges, and other evolving expectations. Increasingly, consumers are using mobile-based devices and applications to shop online with us and with our competitors, and to do comparison shopping, as well as to engage with us and our competitors through digital services and experiences that are offered on mobile platforms. We are increasingly using social media to interact with our consumers and as a means to enhance their shopping experience. Any failure on our part to provide attractive, effective, reliable, secure, user-friendly e-commerce websites that offer a wide assortment of merchandise with rapid delivery options and that continually meet the changing expectations of online shoppers or any failure to provide attractive digital experiences to our customers could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the loss of e-commerce and other sales, harm our reputation with consumers, have an adverse effect on the growth of our e-commerce operations globally and have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, as use of our digital platforms continues to grow, we will need an increasing amount of technical infrastructure to continue to satisfy our consumers’ needs. If we fail to continue to effectively scale and adapt our digital platforms to accommodate increased consumer demand, our business may be subject to interruptions, delays or failures and consumer demand for our products and digital experiences could decline. Risks specific to our Company-owned e-commerce websites also include diversion of sales from our Company-owned retail stores and our retailers’ brick and mortar stores, difficulty in recreating the in-store experience through direct channels and liability for online content. Our failure to successfully respond to these risks could adversely affect e-commerce sales, as well as damage our reputation and brands.

If we are unsuccessful at improving our operational and IT systems and our efforts do not result in the anticipated benefits to us or result in unanticipated disruption to our business, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, and our business may become less competitive.

We continually strive to improve and automate our operational and IT systems and processes as part of our ongoing effort to improve the overall efficiency and competitiveness of our business. Transitioning to these new or upgraded processes and systems requires significant capital investments and personnel resources. Implementation is also highly dependent on the coordination of numerous employees, contractors and software and system providers. While these efforts have resulted in improvements to our operational systems, we expect to continue to incur expenses to implement additional improvements and upgrades to our systems. Many of these expenditures have been and may continue to be incurred in advance of the realization of any direct benefits to our business. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful at improving our operational systems, adapting to changes in technology, including the successful utilization of data analytics, AI, and machine learning, or that our efforts will result in the anticipated benefits to us. We may also experience difficulties in implementing or operating our new or upgraded operational or IT systems, including, but not limited to, ineffective or inefficient operations, significant system failures, system outages, delayed implementation and loss of system availability, which could lead to increased implementation and/or operational costs, loss or corruption of data, delayed shipments, excess inventory and interruptions of operations resulting in lost sales and/or profits. If our operational or IT system upgrades, improvements and associated implementation efforts are not successful, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, and our business may become less competitive.

RISKS RELATED TO OUR LEGAL, COMPLIANCE, AND REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT

Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property rights to prevent counterfeiting of our products, or to defend claims against us related to our intellectual property rights, could reduce sales, and adversely affect the value of our brands.

Our business could be significantly harmed if we are not able to protect our intellectual property rights. We believe our competitive position is attributable to the value of our trademarks, patents, trade dress, trade names, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights. An unfortunate reaction to the success of our brands is that we have become a target of counterfeiting and product imitation strategies. Although we are aggressive in legal and other actions in pursuing those who infringe on our intellectual property rights, we cannot guarantee that 

26


the actions we have taken will be adequate to protect our brands in the future, especially because some countries’ laws do not protect these rights to the same extent as US laws. If we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, it will allow our competitors to sell products that are similar to and directly competitive with our products, or we could otherwise lose opportunities to sell our products to consumers who may instead purchase a counterfeit or imitation product, which could reduce sales of our products and adversely affect the value of our brands. In addition, any intellectual property lawsuits in which we are involved could cost a significant amount of time and money and distract management’s attention from operating our business, which may negatively affect our business and results of operations. In addition to fighting intellectual property infringement, we may need to defend claims against us related to our intellectual property rights. For example, we have faced claims that the word “ugg” is a generic term. Such a claim was successful in Australia, but similar claims have been rejected by courts in the US, China, Republic of Türkiye, and the Netherlands. Any court decision or settlement that invalidates or limits trademark protection of our brands, which allows a third-party to continue to sell products similar to our products, or that allows a manufacturer or distributor to continue to sell counterfeit products, could lead to intensified competition and a material reduction in our sales, and could have a material adverse effect on the value of our brands.

Our revolving credit facility agreements expose us to certain risks.

From time to time, we have financed our liquidity needs in part from borrowings made under our revolving credit facilities. Our ability to borrow under our revolving credit facilities may be limited if the lenders believe there has been a material adverse change to our business. In addition, our revolving credit facility agreements contain a number of customary financial covenants and restrictions, which may limit our ability to engage in transactions that would otherwise be in our best interests, or otherwise respond to changing business and economic conditions, and may therefore have a material effect on our business. Failure to comply with any of the covenants could result in a default, allowing our lenders to accelerate the timing of payments, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition, and liquidity. In addition, in some cases, a default under one revolving credit facility could result in a cross-default under other revolving credit facilities. Certain of our revolving credit facility agreements bear interest at a rate that varies by currency. Any increases in interest rates applicable to our borrowings would increase our cost of borrowing, which would result in a decline in our net income and liquidity. 

The tax laws applicable to our business are complex, and changes in tax laws as well as audits by various taxing authorities could increase our worldwide tax rate and may subject us to additional tax liabilities which may materially affect our financial position and results of operations.

Changes in US and foreign tax laws, regulations, and treaties in and between the jurisdictions in which we operate could materially affect our business. These tax laws are complex, where significant judgment and specialized expertise is required in evaluating and estimating our worldwide provision for income taxes. Our tax expense is based on our interpretation of the tax laws in effect in various countries at the time that the expense was incurred. Future changes in these tax laws, or in their interpretations, could result in a materially higher tax expense or a higher effective tax rate on our worldwide earnings. For example, global tax authorities may take differing positions in interpreting the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development’s (commonly known as OECD) guidance, including with respect to Base Erosion and Profit Shifting, which could modify existing tax principles. These changes and potential other tax law changes could increase our income tax liability or adversely affect our long-term effective tax rates and net income.

Many countries in the EU and around the globe have proposed changes or adopted current tax laws that could impact our financial position and results of operations beyond calendar year 2024. Certain provisions of the recently enacted Inflation Reduction Act, including a 15% corporate alternative minimum tax, as well as the similar 15% global minimum tax under the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development’s Pillar Two Global Anti-Base Erosion Rules, which as of March 31, 2024, are either live or in draft in various countries, may affect our income tax expense, profitability, and capital allocation decisions. 

Additionally, we are also subject to tax audits in each of the various jurisdictions where we conduct business, whereas any of these jurisdictions may assess additional taxes against us as a result of these audits. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable as our tax filings are prepared in accordance with all applicable tax laws, the final determination with respect to any tax audits, and related litigation, could be materially different from our estimates or from our historical tax provisions and accruals, especially as there is continued economic and political pressures to increase tax revenues in jurisdictions in which we operate. The results of a tax audit or other tax proceeding could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows during the periods for which that determination is made and may require a restatement of prior financial reports. 

27


RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK

Our common stock price has been volatile, which could result in substantial losses for stockholders.

The trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. The trading price of our common stock could be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to the following:

•changes in expectations of our future financial performance and results of operations;

•changes in estimates of our performance by securities analysts and other market participants, or our failure to meet such estimates;

•changes in our stockholder base or public actions taken by investors;

•market research and opinions published by securities analysts and other market participants, and the response to such publications;

•quarterly fluctuations in our sales, margins, expenses, financial position, and results of operations;

•the financial stability of our customers, manufacturers, and suppliers;

•legal proceedings, regulatory actions, and legislative changes;

•the declaration of stock or cash dividends, share repurchases, or stock or reverse stock splits;

•consumer confidence and discretionary spending levels;

•broad market fluctuations in volume and price; 

•general market, political, and economic conditions, including recessionary conditions; and

•a variety of risk factors, including the ones described herein and in our other SEC filings.

In addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of individual companies. Accordingly, the price of our common stock is volatile and any investment in our stock is subject to risk of loss. These broad market and industry factors and other general macroeconomic conditions unrelated to our financial performance may also affect our common stock price.

Anti-takeover provisions contained in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Certificate) and Amended and Restated Bylaws (Bylaws), as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt.

Our Certificate and Bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult hostile takeovers, change-in-control transactions, or changes in our Board of Directors or management. As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which may delay, deter, or prevent a change-in-control transaction. Any provision of Delaware law, our Certificate, or our Bylaws, which has the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, deterring, or preventing a change-in-control transaction could limit the opportunity for stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock, and could affect the price that investors are willing to pay for our common stock.