ITEM 1C.     CYBERSECURITY

We maintain a comprehensive process for identifying, assessing, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats as part of our broader risk management system and processes. For example, some risks include our software supply chain and other third-party dependencies, vulnerabilities in our products and services, theft of our intellectual property, and attempts to compromise our infrastructure. We obtain input, as appropriate, for our cybersecurity risk management program on the security industry and threat trends from multiple external experts and internal threat intelligence teams. Teams of dedicated privacy, safety, and security professionals oversee cybersecurity risk management and mitigation, incident prevention, detection, and remediation. These teams comprise professionals with deep cybersecurity expertise across multiple industries and are led by our Vice President of Privacy, Safety, and Security Engineering, who has 20 years of experience, including roles in technology infrastructure for two other large public companies. Our executive leadership team, along with input from the above teams, are responsible for our overall enterprise risk management system and processes and regularly consider cybersecurity risks in the context of other material risks to the company.

As part of our cybersecurity risk management system, our incident management teams track and log privacy and security incidents across Alphabet, our vendors, and other third-party service providers to remediate and resolve any such incidents. Significant incidents are reviewed regularly by a cross-functional working group to determine whether further escalation is appropriate. Any incident assessed as potentially being or potentially becoming material is promptly escalated for further assessment, and then reported to designated members of our senior management. We consult with outside counsel as appropriate, including on materiality analysis and disclosure matters, and our senior 

25.  

Table of Contents

Alphabet Inc.

management makes the final materiality determinations and disclosure and other compliance decisions. Our management apprises Alphabet’s independent public accounting firm of matters and any relevant developments.

The Audit and Compliance Committee has oversight responsibility for risks and incidents relating to cybersecurity threats, including compliance with disclosure requirements, cooperation with law enforcement, and related effects on financial and other risks, and it reports any findings and recommendations, as appropriate, to the full Board for consideration. Senior management regularly discusses cyber risks and trends and, should they arise, any material incidents with the Audit and Compliance Committee. Internal Audit maintains a dedicated cybersecurity auditing team that independently tests our cybersecurity controls. 

Our business strategy, results of operations and financial condition have not been materially affected by risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of previously identified cybersecurity incidents, but we cannot provide assurance that they will not be materially affected in the future by such risks or any future material incidents. For more information on our cybersecurity related risks, see Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.