Item 1C. Cybersecurity.

At Lucid, cybersecurity risk management is an integral part of our overall enterprise risk management program. We have made significant investments in people, processes, and technology to protect Lucid’s connected vehicles, services, confidential business information, and employee and consumer personal data. We have implemented multiple and varied processes and technologies for the avoidance, identification, assessment, mitigation, and remediation of risks from cybersecurity threats and incidents designated to protect against the cybersecurity risk landscape. We regularly assess and enhance our protection, detection, response, and recovery capabilities and engage with the cybersecurity communities including Auto-ISAC, third-party cybersecurity and compliance partners, internal stakeholders, and organizations leading best practices, to support our goals and objectives. Our cybersecurity risk management program integrates multiple teams across the organization, including our IT, digital and physical product, infrastructure, and legal teams, with leadership and oversight by executive management, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors (“Audit Committee”), and the Board of Directors (“Board”). 

To date, Lucid is not aware of risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect Lucid, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. See Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report for further information about our cybersecurity risk.

Governance

Board and Committee Oversight

Our Board has oversight responsibility for our overall enterprise risk management and delegates cybersecurity risk management oversight to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee oversees Lucid’s policies and practices with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including discussing with management (i) Lucid’s major financial, cybersecurity, privacy and other information technology risk exposures; (ii) the steps that have been taken to monitor and control such exposures; and (iii) any material cybersecurity threats or incidents. The Audit Committee and the Board receive regular reporting from Lucid’s management, including the leadership of our enterprise IT security and product cybersecurity departments (“Cybersecurity Leaders”) on the status of our cybersecurity program and ad hoc reporting on material cybersecurity threats and incidents. 

Management’s Role

At the management level, our Information Security Steering Committee (“ISSC”), with oversight by our VP of IT and General Counsel, is responsible for leading our cybersecurity risk management program and enterprise cybersecurity matters. Under the ISSC, we have various cybersecurity working committees, led by our Cybersecurity Leaders, which are primarily responsible for operational review of cybersecurity threats and incidents as part of our incident response process. Cybersecurity Leaders receive reports from our cybersecurity team and monitors the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity threats and incidents. For potentially material cybersecurity threats and incidents, we escalate these to the ISSC, which, with additional oversight and support from our interim CEO, would raise such threats and incidents to our Audit Committee Chair and, as appropriate, to our Board as they arise. If the cybersecurity incident is determined to be material, disclosure would be filed with the SEC within four business days of determination.

Our Cybersecurity Leaders and the dedicated personnel on their teams have industry-recognized certifications such as Certified Information Security Manager, Certified Information Systems Security Professional, and Boardroom qualified Technology Expert, and experienced information systems security professionals and information security managers with many years of technical cybersecurity management experience.

Management of Cybersecurity Risk

Our Cybersecurity Risk Management Processes

Our cybersecurity risk management program provides a framework for handling cybersecurity threats and incidents by identifying and escalating risks, issues, and key decisions to management, the Audit Committee, and our Board. We designed our program to protect our products and services, confidential business information (including intellectual property), and employee and consumer data and includes steps for detecting and monitoring cybersecurity threats and incidents, assessing the severity of such threats or incidents, identifying the source of such threats or incidents, including whether such threats or incidents are associated with a third-party vendor or service provider, implementing cybersecurity countermeasures and mitigation strategies and informing management, the Audit Committee, and our Board of potentially material cybersecurity threats and incidents. In addition, our cybersecurity team provides cybersecurity training to employees during the onboarding process and on a periodic basis thereafter, with specialized training and tabletop exercises for our core incident response teams and executive management on at least an annual basis.

73

Under the oversight of the ISSC, our cybersecurity risk management program is implemented day-to-day by our cybersecurity team, who identifies, considers, and assesses risks from cybersecurity threats and incidents on a regular basis; establishes processes to monitor such cybersecurity risks; provides mitigation and remediation measures; engages in policy review and development; provides product support and deployment; and maintains our cybersecurity program. Our cybersecurity team also implements data loss prevention tools and capabilities, customer security measures, incident response measures, and processes for management of third-party vendors and service providers. Our cybersecurity incident response is driven by our Lucid Data and Security Incident Response Plan. Based upon the severity assessment and ranking, incidents are handled by the relevant teams for technical, operational, and legal risk management. 

In addition, Lucid has implemented processes to integrate our cybersecurity risk management processes into our overall enterprise risk management system including within our greater product management, personnel management, and third-party vendor and service provider management processes.

Third-Party Auditors and Consultants in Cybersecurity Risk Management

Our cybersecurity team also periodically engages third-party cybersecurity experts for risk assessment and system enhancements. We utilize third-party auditors and assessors in connection with our cybersecurity risk management program to identify gaps and develop policies, procedures, and strategies designed to improve the cybersecurity program. We also use third-party consultants to obtain and will use them to maintain relevant organizational cybersecurity certifications, including UN Regulation 155 Vehicle Cybersecurity Approval. As a general matter, we have from time-to-time utilized third-party cybersecurity consultants on an ad hoc basis in specific instances, including (i) to address potential cybersecurity threats and incidents, (ii) to conduct cybersecurity assessments and penetration testing on high-value systems and applications; and (iii) to develop internal capabilities to improve our cybersecurity defense.

Cybersecurity Risk Management of Third-Party Vendors and Service Providers

We have also implemented risk management practices designed to minimize cybersecurity risks that arise from utilizing third-party vendors and service providers that receive or have access to Lucid confidential information or personal data. In order to oversee and identify such risks, we have implemented the following processes: (i) a third-party security risk management program designed to assess security risk of new third-party vendors or service providers and develop countermeasures to manage unacceptable risks; (ii) provisions in our third-party vendors and service provider contracts with added security requirements; (iii) training procurement teams on management of third-party vendor and service providers; (iv) role-based access controls for third-party personnel; and (v) data transfer mechanisms for the sharing of data with third parties. While we are in the process of increasing the resiliency of these capabilities across the board, our control over and ability to monitor the security posture of third-party vendors and service providers remains limited and there can be no assurance that we can prevent, mitigate or remediate the risk of any compromise or failure in the security infrastructure owned or controlled by such third parties. In addition, any contractual protections with such third parties, including our right to indemnification, if any at all, may be limited or insufficient to prevent a negative impact on our business from such compromise or failure. 

Item 2. Properties.

We are headquartered in Newark, California. Our principal facilities include properties in North America, Europe and the Middle East, which are primarily for manufacturing, assembly, warehousing, engineering, retail and service, and administrative activities. We have opened 57 studios and service centers (excluding temporary and satellite service centers) under leases: 42 in North America, eleven in Europe and four in the Middle East. Our current manufacturing facilities are in Casa Grande, Arizona and Saudi Arabia. We currently lease or own the land on which our material properties are situated, and the leased properties are subject to various lease arrangements with third-party entities. 

Excluding our growing portfolio of retail and service locations, a list of certain of our principal facilities are outlined below:

Primary UseLocationOwned or Leased

HeadquartersNewark, CALeased

Manufacturing (AMP-1, LPM-1)Casa Grande, AZOwned/Leased(1)

Manufacturing (AMP-2)

King Abdullah Economic City, Saudi Arabia

Leased

(1) We own a substantial portion of the AMP-1 property and have an option to purchase the land for the portion of the AMP-1 property that is under lease. The property relating to LPM-1 is under lease.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings.

For a description of our legal proceedings, please see the description set forth in the “Legal Matters” section in Note 12 “Commitments and Contingencies” in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report, which is incorporated herein by reference.

74

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not applicable.

75

Part II

Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Market Information

Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the ticker symbol “LCID.” 

Holders of Record

As of January 31, 2025, there were 246 holders of record of our common stock. The number of beneficial owners is substantially greater than the number of record holders because a large portion of our common stock is held through banks, brokers and other financial institutions.

Dividend Policy

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date. The payment of cash dividends in the future is dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements, the terms of any indebtedness and general financial condition. The payment of any cash dividends will be within the discretion of the Board at such time. In addition, the Board is not currently considering and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future.

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

For a description of securities authorized under our equity compensation plans, see Note 10 “Stock-based awards” to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for more information.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings

At-the-Market Offering and Underwritten Public Offerings

On November 8, 2022, we entered into an equity distribution agreement (the “Equity Distribution Agreement”) with BofA Securities, Inc., Barclays Capital Inc. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., under which we could offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price up to $600.0 million (the “At-the-Market Offering”). During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued 56,203,334 shares at a weighted average price per share of $10.68, and received net proceeds of $594.3 million after deducting commissions and other issuance costs of $5.7 million. No shares remain available for sale under the Equity Distribution Agreement.

On May 31, 2023, we entered into an underwriting agreement (the “2023 Underwriting Agreement”) with BofA Securities, Inc. (the “Underwriter”), under which the Underwriter agreed to purchase 173,544,948 shares of our common stock at a price per share of $6.83, for aggregate net proceeds of $1.2 billion. In June 2023, we issued the shares to the Underwriter pursuant to the 2023 Underwriting Agreement and received aggregate net proceeds of $1.2 billion after deducting issuance costs of $1.1 million.

On October 16, 2024, we entered into an underwriting agreement (the “2024 Underwriting Agreement”) with the Underwriter, under which the Underwriter agreed to purchase 262,446,931 shares of our common stock. We also granted the Underwriter a 30-day option to purchase up to 39,367,040 additional shares of our common stock (the “Overallotment Option”). On October 17, 2024, the Underwriter exercised the Overallotment Option to purchase an additional 15,037,594 shares. On October 18, 2024, we completed the public offering pursuant to the 2024 Underwriting Agreement, at a price per share of $2.59, for aggregate net proceeds of $718.4 million after deducting issuance costs of $0.6 million. 

The shares issued under the Equity Distribution Agreement and the 2023 Underwriting Agreement were sold pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-267147) which became effective on September 2, 2022, and prospectus supplements filed with the SEC on November 8, 2022 and June 2, 2023. 

The shares issued under the 2024 Underwriting Agreement were sold pursuant to an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-282677) which became effective upon filing on October 16, 2024, and prospectus supplements filed with the SEC on October 18, 2024. 

76

Subscription Agreements

On November 8, 2022, we entered into a subscription agreement (the “2022 Subscription Agreement”) with Ayar Third Investment Company, the controlling stockholder of the Company (“Ayar”), pursuant to which Ayar agreed to purchase from us, up to $915.0 million of shares of our common stock in one or more private placements through March 31, 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued 85,712,679 shares to Ayar pursuant to the 2022 Subscription Agreement at a weighted average price per share of $10.68, and received aggregate proceeds of $915.0 million. 

On May 31, 2023, we entered into a subscription agreement (the “2023 Subscription Agreement”) with Ayar, pursuant to which Ayar agreed to purchase from the Company 265,693,703 shares of our common stock at a price per share of $6.83 in a private placement for aggregate net proceeds of $1.8 billion. In June 2023, we issued the shares to Ayar pursuant to the 2023 Subscription Agreement and received aggregate net proceeds of $1.8 billion after deducting issuance costs of $2.0 million.

On October 16, 2024, we entered into a subscription agreement (the “2024 Subscription Agreement”) with Ayar, pursuant to which Ayar agreed to purchase from us 374,717,927 shares of our common stock. In addition, given the Underwriter’s exercise of the Overallotment Option, Ayar agreed to purchase an additional 21,470,459 shares of our common stock. On October 31, 2024, we consummated the private placement of shares to Ayar pursuant to the 2024 Subscription Agreement, at a price per share of $2.59, for aggregate net proceeds of $1,025.7 million after deducting issuance costs of $0.8 million.

Common stock acquired by Ayar under the 2022 Subscription Agreement, the 2023 Subscription Agreement, and the 2024 Subscription Agreement is subject to the Investor Rights Agreement, dated February 22, 2021 (as amended from time-to-time, the “Investor Rights Agreement”), which governs the registration for resale of such common stock.

The shares issued under the 2022 Subscription Agreement, the 2023 Subscription Agreement, and the 2024 Subscription Agreement were sold in reliance on the exemption from registration provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock

In March 2024, we entered into a subscription agreement (the “Series A Subscription Agreement”) with Ayar, pursuant to which Ayar agreed to purchase from us 100,000 shares of our Series A convertible preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock”) in a private placement for an aggregate gross purchase price of $1.0 billion. Subsequently, in March 2024, we issued 100,000 shares to Ayar pursuant to the Series A Subscription Agreement and received aggregate net proceeds of $997.6 million, after deducting issuance cost of $2.4 million.

In August 2024, we entered into a subscription agreement (the “Series B Subscription Agreement”) with Ayar, pursuant to which Ayar agreed to purchase from us 75,000 shares of our Series B convertible preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock”) in a private placement, for an aggregate gross purchase price of $750.0 million. Subsequently, in August 2024, we issued 75,000 shares to Ayar pursuant to the Series B Subscription Agreement and received aggregate net proceeds of $749.4 million, after deducting issuance cost of $0.6 million.

The common stock issuable upon conversion under the Series A Subscription Agreement and the Series B Subscription Agreement is subject to the Investor Rights Agreement, which governs the registration for resale of such common stock.

The shares issued under the Series A subscription Agreement and Series B Subscription Agreement were sold in reliance on the exemption from registration provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

None.

77

Stock Performance Graph

This performance graph shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

The following graph shows a comparison, from September 18, 2020 through December 31, 2024, of the cumulative total return on our common stock, The NASDAQ Composite Index and the 20 largest public companies sharing the same SIC code as us, which is SIC code 3711, “Motor Vehicles and Passenger Car Bodies” (Motor Vehicles and Passenger Car Bodies Public Company Group). Such returns are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance. Data for The NASDAQ Composite Index and the Motor Vehicles and Passenger Car Bodies Public Company Group assumes an investment of $100 on September 18, 2020 and reinvestment of dividends. We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock nor do we anticipate paying any such cash dividends in the foreseeable future.

Item 6. [Reserved].

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis provides information that Lucid management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of Lucid’s consolidated results of operations and financial condition as of December 31, 2024 and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. The discussion should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this “Annual Report”). For discussion related to our financial condition as of December 31, 2023, results of operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and year-to-year comparison between the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, refer to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed on February 27, 2024 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). This discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon Lucid’s current expectations, estimates and projections that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report.

78

Overview

We are a technology company with a mission to advance the state-of-the-art of EV technology for the benefits of all. We are setting new standards with the world’s most advanced EVs, the award-winning Lucid Air and all-new Lucid Gravity. Our focus on in-house hardware and software innovation, vertical integration, and a “clean sheet” approach to engineering and design led to the development of the award-winning Lucid Air and Lucid Gravity.

We sell vehicles directly to consumers through our retail sales network and through direct online sales, including utilizing Lucid Financial Services. We believe that owning and operating our sales network provides an opportunity to closely manage the customer experience, gather direct customer feedback, and ensure that customer interactions are tailored to our customers’ needs. We own and operate a vehicle service network comprised of service centers in major metropolitan areas and a fleet of mobile service vehicles. In addition to our in-house service capabilities, we established and continue to grow an approved list of specially trained collision repair shops which also serve in some cases as repair hubs for our mobile service offerings. 

We began delivering the Lucid Air to customers in October 2021. We have leveraged and expanded the technological advancements from the Lucid Air to the Lucid Gravity, which offers an unprecedented combination of performance, interior space, and efficiency, and started commercial production in December 2024. Beyond the Lucid Air and the Lucid Gravity, we plan to expand our vehicle lineup with the upcoming Midsize platform, which is scheduled for start of production in late 2026.

Recent Developments

2024 Underwriting Agreement

On October 16, 2024, we entered into an underwriting agreement (the “2024 Underwriting Agreement”) with BofA Securities, Inc. (the “Underwriter”), under which the Underwriter agreed to purchase 262,446,931 shares of our common stock. We also granted the Underwriter an Overallotment Option to purchase additional shares of our common stock (the “Overallotment Option”). On October 17, 2024, the Underwriter exercised the Overallotment Option to purchase an additional 15,037,594 shares. On October 18, 2024, we completed the public offering pursuant to the 2024 Underwriting Agreement, at a price per share of $2.59, for aggregate net proceeds of $718.4 million after deducting issuance costs of $0.6 million. 

2024 Subscription Agreement

On October 16, 2024, we also entered into a subscription agreement (the “2024 Subscription Agreement”) with Ayar Third Investment Company, our controlling stockholder (“Ayar”), pursuant to which Ayar agreed to purchase from us 374,717,927 shares of our common stock in a private placement. In addition, given the Underwriter’s exercise of the Overallotment Option, Ayar agreed to purchase an additional 21,470,459 shares of our common stock. On October 31, 2024, we consummated the private placement of shares to Ayar pursuant to the 2024 Subscription Agreement, at a price per share of $2.59, for aggregate net proceeds of $1,025.7 million after deducting issuance costs of $0.8 million.

Potential Impact of an Economic Downturn on our Business

A global economic recession or other economic downturn, whether due to inflation, global conflicts or other geopolitical events, public health crises, interest rate increases or other policy actions by major central banks, government closures of banks and liquidity concerns at other financial institutions, or other factors, may have an adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Adverse economic conditions as well as uncertainty about the current and future global economic conditions may cause our customers to defer purchases or cancel their orders in response to higher interest rates, availability of consumer credit, decreased cash availability, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and weakened consumer confidence. Reduced demand for our products may result in significant decreases in our product sales, which in turn would have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Due to our premium brand positioning and pricing, an economic downturn is likely to have a heightened adverse effect on us compared to many of our electric vehicle and traditional automotive industry competitors, to the extent that consumer demand for luxury goods is reduced in favor of lower-priced alternatives. In addition, an economic recession or other economic downturn could also cause logistical challenges and other operational risks if any of our suppliers, sub-suppliers or partners become insolvent or are otherwise unable to continue their operations, fulfill their obligations to us, or meet our future demand. In addition, the deterioration of conditions in global credit markets may limit our ability to obtain external financing to fund our operations and capital expenditures on terms favorable to us, if at all. See “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report for more information regarding risks associated with a global economic recession, including under the caption “A global economic recession, government closures of banks and liquidity concerns at other financial institutions, or other downturn may have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition.” 

79

Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 

We believe that our future success and financial performance depend on a number of factors that present significant opportunities for our business, but also pose risks and challenges, including those discussed below and in the section entitled “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report.

Design and Technology Leadership 

We believe that we are positioned to be a leader in the electric vehicle market by unlocking the potential for advanced, high-performance, and long-range electric vehicles to co-exist. We design the Lucid Air and the Lucid Gravity with race-proven battery and powertrain technologies, offering robust performance together with a sleek exterior design and expansive interior space due to our miniaturized key drivetrain components. The Lucid Gravity is a groundbreaking new class of SUV, conceived from the ground up. Enabled by our revolutionary technology, the Lucid Gravity provides the interior space and practicality of a full-size SUV within the exterior footprint of a mid-size SUV. As a result, it provides a sophisticated space for up to seven adults, game-changing versatility, and an unparalleled driving experience.

The Lucid Air and the Lucid Gravity are true software-defined vehicles, designed to improve over time, with OTA software updates and key hardware already in place in the vehicle. This holistic systems approach to the integration of hardware and software is what allows us to provide these value-add updates and is what sets us apart in the automotive industry.

The Lucid Gravity is designed to share components with the Lucid Air where possible, and we continue to evaluate opportunities to apply components developed for the Lucid Gravity to the Lucid Air, further expanding the number of common parts while also enhancing the customer experience in the Lucid Air. We anticipate that all of these measures will enable efficiency in design, engineering, and capital expenditure deployment for the Lucid Gravity. We anticipate continued consumer demand for the Lucid Air based on its luxurious design, high-performance technology, sustainability leadership, and the growing acceptance of and demand for electric vehicles as substitutes for gasoline-fueled vehicles. We also expect that these attributes will drive customer demand for the Lucid Gravity, and our future models, including our Midsize platform.

Direct-to-Consumer Model 

We operate a direct-to-consumer sales and service model, which we believe allows us to offer a personalized experience for our customers based on their purchase and ownership preferences. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses in our sales, service and marketing operations for sale of the Lucid Air, the Lucid Gravity, and other electric vehicles that we may offer over the coming decade, including to open additional studios, expand our sales force, grow marketing and brand awareness, and establish a robust service center operation. As of December 31, 2024, we have opened 57 studios and service centers (excluding temporary and satellite service centers): 37 in the United States (12 in California, four in each of Florida and New York, two in each of Arizona, Illinois, Massachusetts, Texas, Virginia and Washington, and one in each of Colorado, Georgia, Michigan, New Jersey and Pennsylvania), five in Canada, seven in Germany, two in Switzerland, one in Netherlands, one in Norway, three in Saudi Arabia, and one in the United Arab Emirates. We also plan to hire additional sales, customer service, and service center personnel. We believe that investing in our direct-to-consumer sales and service model will be critical to delivering and servicing the Lucid electric vehicles we manufacture and sell. 

Establishing Manufacturing Capacity 

Achieving commercialization and growth for each generation of our electric vehicles requires us to make significant capital expenditures to scale our production capacity and improve our supply chain processes in the United States and internationally. We expect our capital expenditures to increase as we continue constructing the completely-built-up (“CBU”) portion of AMP-2 and expanding AMP-1. The amount and timing of our future manufacturing capacity requirements, and resulting capital expenditures, will depend on many factors, including the pace and results of our research and development efforts to meet technological development milestones, our ability to develop and launch new electric vehicles, our ability to achieve sales and meet customer demand at anticipated levels, our ability to utilize planned capacity in our existing facilities and our ability to enter new markets. 

Technology Innovation

We develop in-house battery and powertrain technology, which requires significant capital investment in research and development. The electric vehicle market is highly competitive, including both established automotive manufacturers and new entrants. To establish market position and attract customers, we plan to continue making substantial investments in research and development for the commercialization and continued enhancements of the Lucid Air and the Lucid Gravity, the development of our Midsize platform, as well as future generations of our electric vehicles and other products.

80

Results of Operations

Revenue 

The following table presents our revenue for the periods presented (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31,

20242023$ Change% Change

Revenue$807,832 $595,271 $212,561 36 %

We recognize revenue from vehicle sales when the customer obtains control of the vehicle, which is upon delivery. We also generate revenue from non-warranty after-sales vehicle services and parts, sales of battery pack systems, powertrain kits, retail merchandise, and regulatory credits. We generate regulatory credits revenue from the sale of tradable credits we earn under various regulations. This include credits related to zero emission vehicles and greenhouse gas, and the Corporate Average Fuel Economy (“CAFE”) credits.

Revenue increased by $212.6 million, or 36%, for the year ended December 31, 2024, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by an increase of 4,240 in deliveries of the Lucid Air vehicles and an increase of $29.1 million of regulatory credit sales, partially offset by a lower average selling price of vehicles for the year ended December 31, 2024, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023.

Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit (Loss)

The following table presents our cost of revenue for the periods presented (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31,

20242023$ Change% Change

Cost of revenue$1,730,943 $1,936,066 $(205,123)(11)%

Gross profit (loss)

$(923,111)$(1,340,795)$417,684 (31)%

Cost of vehicle sales includes direct parts, materials, shipping and handling costs, allocable overhead costs such as depreciation of manufacturing related equipment and facilities, information technology costs, personnel costs, including wages and stock-based compensation, estimated warranty costs, charges to reduce inventories to their net realizable value, charges for any excess or obsolete inventories, and losses from firm purchase commitments. Cost of vehicle sales also includes depreciation of operating lease vehicles. Manufacturing credits earned are recorded as a reduction to cost of vehicle sales.

Cost of other revenue includes direct parts, material and labor costs, manufacturing overhead, including depreciation of tooling costs, shipping and logistic costs. Cost of other revenue also includes costs associated with providing non-warranty after-sales services and costs for retail merchandise.

Cost of revenue decreased by $205.1 million, or 11%, for the year ended December 31, 2024, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to the decreases in inventory write-downs including losses from firm purchase commitments, and lower material and other cost, partially offset by higher deliveries of the Lucid Air vehicles. We expect our cost per vehicle to improve in fiscal year 2025 as compared to fiscal year 2024 while ramping up production volumes. In the near term, we expect our production volume of vehicles to continue to be less than our manufacturing capacity.

We recorded write-downs of $617.4 million and $926.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, to reduce our inventories to their net realizable values, for any excess or obsolete inventories, and losses from firm purchase commitments. The decrease in the inventory write-downs and losses from firm purchase commitments and reduction of inventory obsolescence was primarily due to improvement of cost per unit and lower inventory balance for the year ended December 31, 2024. We expect inventory write-downs could negatively affect our costs of vehicle sales in upcoming periods in the near term as we ramp production volumes up toward our manufacturing capacity.

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the “IRA”) was enacted with clean energy incentives. For the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the impact of the IRA on our results of operations was not material. We will continue to evaluate the expected future impact of the IRA on our business and financial statements upon the issuance of additional regulatory guidance.

81

Gross profit losses decreased by $417.7 million, or 31% for the year ended December 31, 2024, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily driven by improvement in costs, decrease in inventory write-downs and losses from firm purchase commitments, partially offset by a lower average selling price of vehicles.

Operating Expenses 

The following table presents our operating expenses for the periods presented (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31,

20242023$ Change% Change

Research and development$1,176,453 $937,012 $239,441 26 %

Selling, general and administrative900,952 797,235 103,717 13 %

Restructuring charges

20,304 24,546 (4,242)(17)%

Total operating expenses$2,097,709 $1,758,793 $338,916 19 %

Research and Development 

Our research and development efforts have primarily focused on the development of our battery and powertrain technology, the Lucid Air, the Lucid Gravity, and future generations of our electric vehicles, including our Midsize platform. Research and development expenses primarily consist of materials, supplies and personnel-related expenses for employees involved in the engineering, designing, and testing of electric vehicles. Personnel-related expenses primarily include salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation. In addition, research and development expenses include prototype material, engineering, design and testing services, and allocated facilities costs, such as office and rent expense and depreciation expense.

Research and development expense increased by $239.4 million, or 26%, for the year ended December 31, 2024, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to higher personnel-related expenses of $198.5 million ($164.0 million increase due to our growth in headcount and $34.5 million higher stock-based compensation expenses) and an increase of $54.3 million for prototype material, engineering, design and testing services primarily related to Lucid Gravity, partially offset by lower utilization of contractors and professional fees of $26.5 million.

Selling, General, and Administrative 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel-related expenses for employees involved in general corporate, selling and marketing functions, including executive management and administration, legal, human resources, facilities and real estate, accounting, finance, tax, and information technology. Personnel-related expenses primarily include salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation. Selling, general, and administrative expenses also include allocated facilities costs, such as office, rent and depreciation expenses, professional services fees, sales and marketing expenses and other general corporate expenses. As we continue to grow as a company, build out our sales force, and commercialize the Lucid Air and Lucid Gravity, and future generations of our electric vehicles, including the development of our Midsize platform, we expect that our selling, general and administrative costs will increase. 

Selling, general, and administrative expense increased by $103.7 million, or 13%, for the year ended December 31, 2024, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to higher personnel-related expenses of $82.6 million ($89.2 million increase due to our growth in headcount, partially offset by $6.6 million lower stock-based compensation expense), an increase in sales and marketing expenses of $19.9 million, and an increase of $14.6 million in allocated facilities costs, partially offset by a decrease of $12.6 million in other general corporate expenses.

Restructuring Charges

On May 24, 2024, we announced a restructuring plan (the “2024 Restructuring Plan”) intended to optimize operating expenses in response to evolving business needs and productivity improvement through a reduction in workforce. We substantially completed the 2024 Restructuring Plan in 2024. 

During the year ended December 31, 2024, we recorded restructuring charges of $20.3 million related to the 2024 Restructuring Plan within restructuring charges in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The restructuring charges were primarily related to severance payments, employee benefits, employee transition and stock-based compensation, net of a reversal of previously recognized stock-based compensation expense. 

82

On March 28, 2023, we announced a restructuring plan (the “2023 Restructuring Plan”) intended to reduce operating expenses in response to evolving business needs and productivity improvement through a reduction in workforce. We completed the 2023 Restructuring Plan during the first quarter of 2024. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we recorded restructuring charges of $24.5 million. The restructuring charges were primarily related to severance payments, employee benefits, employee transition and stock-based compensation, net of a reversal of previously recognized stock-based compensation expense. 

Other Income (Expense), net

The following table presents our other income (expense), net for the periods presented (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31,

20242023$ Change% Change

Other income (expense), net:

Change in fair value of common stock warrant liability$34,150 $86,926 $(52,776)(61)%

Change in fair value of equity securities of a related party

(43,057)5,999 (49,056)*nm

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities associated with redeemable convertible preferred stock (related party)

155,350 — 155,350 *nm

Interest income213,026 204,274 8,752 4 %

Interest expense

(32,923)(24,915)(8,008)32 %

Other income (expense), net(18,469)(90)(18,379)*nm

Total other income, net$308,077 $272,194 $35,883 13 %

*nm - not meaningful

Change in Fair Value of Common Stock Warrant Liability 

Our common stock warrant liability relates to the privately placed common stock warrants (the “Private Placement Warrants”) to purchase shares of our common stock that were effectively issued upon the closing in connection with the merger. Our common stock warrant liability is subject to remeasurement to fair value at each reporting period. 

The Private Placement Warrants remained unexercised as of December 31, 2024. The liability was remeasured to fair value, resulting in gains of $34.2 million and $86.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and was classified within change in fair value of common stock warrant liability in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. See Note 7 “Common Stock Warrant Liability” to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for more information.

Change in Fair Value of Equity Securities of a Related Party

On November 6, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the Implementation Agreement, integration and supply arrangements became effective, under which we will provide Aston Martin access to our powertrain, battery system, and software technologies, work with Aston Martin to integrate our powertrain and battery components with Aston Martin’s battery electric vehicle chassis, and supply powertrain and battery components to Aston Martin (collectively, the “Strategic Technology Arrangement”). In connection with the commencement of the Strategic Technology Arrangement with Aston Martin, we received 28,352,273 ordinary shares of Aston Martin (subject to a lock-up provision of 365 days from its issuance). The ordinary shares of Aston Martin are subject to remeasurement to fair value at each reporting period. Such shares were initially measured at a fair value of $73.2 million and were remeasured to a fair value of $37.8 million and $81.5 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The change in fair value resulted in an unrealized loss of $43.1 million and an unrealized gain of $6.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and was classified within change in fair value of equity securities of a related party in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. See Note 5 “Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments” and Note 16 “Related Party Transactions” to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for more information.

Change in Fair Value of Derivative Liabilities Associated with Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (Related Party)

In March 2024, we entered into a subscription agreement (the “Series A Subscription Agreement”) with Ayar. Pursuant to the Series A Subscription Agreement, Ayar agreed to purchase from us 100,000 shares of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock”) for an aggregate purchase price of $1.0 billion in a private placement. Subsequently, in March 2024, we issued the shares to Ayar pursuant to the Series A Subscription Agreement and received aggregate net proceeds of $997.6 million after deducting issuance costs of $2.4 million.

In August 2024, we entered into the Series B Subscription Agreement with Ayar. Pursuant to the Series B Subscription Agreement, Ayar agreed to purchase from us 75,000 shares of our Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock for an aggregate purchase price of $750.0 million in a private placement. Subsequently, in August 2024, we issued the shares to Ayar pursuant to the Series B Subscription Agreement and received aggregate net proceeds of $749.4 million after deducting issuance costs of $0.6 million. 

83

We concluded that the conversion features, inclusive of all settlement outcomes where the pay-off is indexed to the if-converted value, meets all the requirements to be separately accounted for as a bifurcated derivative. As a result, we bifurcated the Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock”) between (i) the host contracts which are accounted for within mezzanine equity, and (ii) the bifurcated derivative liabilities related to the conversion features. The bifurcated derivatives are remeasured to fair value at each reporting period with changes in fair value recorded in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

The derivative liabilities of the Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock were initially measured at fair values of $497.1 million and $297.7 million, respectively. The derivative liabilities of the Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock were remeasured to a fair value of $639.4 million as of December 31, 2024. We recognized a gain of $88.3 million related to the Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock for the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily driven by the decreases in term to maturity and credit spread, partially offset by an increase in our stock price. We also recognized a gain of $67.1 million related to the Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock for the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily driven by decreases in term to maturity, credit spread, and our stock price. We recognized the combined gains of $155.4 million related to the Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock for the year ended December 31, 2024 within change in fair value of derivative liabilities associated with redeemable convertible preferred stock (related party) in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. See Note 8 “Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock” to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for more information.

Interest Income

Interest income increased by $8.8 million, or 4%, for the year ended December 31, 2024, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to higher interest rates from cash on hand and our investments of available for sale securities.

Interest Expense

Interest expense primarily consists of contractual interest and amortization of debt discounts and debt issuance costs incurred related to the 2026 Notes issued in December 2021, commitment fees and amortization of deferred issuance costs from the five-year senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility (“ABL Credit Facility”) and the $750.0 million five-year unsecured delayed draw term loan credit facility (the “DDTL Credit Facility”), interest on committed SAR 1.0 billion (approximately $266.1 million) revolving credit facility (the “2023 GIB Credit Facility” and on our finance leases, and capitalized interest on construction in progress related to significant capital asset construction.

Interest expense increased by $8.0 million, or 32%, for the year ended December 31, 2024, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher interest expense of $4.3 million from the 2023 GIB credit facility resulting from higher average borrowings and commitment fees related to the DDTL Credit Facility, and a decrease of $2.7 million in interest capitalized on construction in progress related to significant capital asset construction during the year ended December 31, 2024, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023.

Other Income (Expense), net

Other income (expense), net primarily consists of foreign currency gains and losses and changes in residual value guarantee reserve. Our foreign currency exchange gains and losses relate to transactions and monetary asset and liability balances denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We expect our foreign currency gains and losses to continue to fluctuate in the future due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates.

Other income (expense), net changed by $18.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to changes in foreign exchange rates and residual value guarantee reserve.

Provision for Income Taxes 

The following table presents our provision for income taxes for the periods presented (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31,

20242023$ Change% Change

Provision for income taxes$1,199 $1,026 $173 17 %

Our provision for income taxes consists primarily of U.S., state and foreign income taxes in jurisdictions in which we operate. We maintain a valuation allowance against the full value of our U.S. and state net deferred tax assets because we believe it is more likely than not that the recoverability of these deferred tax assets will not be realized.

84

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Sources of Liquidity

As of December 31, 2024, we had $5,043.2 million of cash, cash equivalents and investments and $37.8 million of investment in equity securities of a related party. We also had $750.0 million, $163.8 million, and $139.2 million of unused available credit amounts from the DDTL Credit Facility, the ABL Credit Facility, and the 2023 GIB Credit Facility, respectively, as of December 31, 2024. Our existing sources of liquidity include cash, cash equivalents, investments, and credit facilities. We funded operations primarily with issuances of common stock, convertible preferred stock and convertible notes.

We expect that our current sources of liquidity together with our projection of cash flows from operating activities will provide us with adequate liquidity for at least the next 12 months, including investment in funding (i) ongoing operations, (ii) research and development projects for new products/ technologies, (iii) further construction of AMP-1 phase 2 in Casa Grande, Arizona, (iv) construction of the CBU portion of AMP-2 in Saudi Arabia, (v) vendor tooling, (vi) expansion of retail studios and service centers, and (vii) other initiatives related to the sale of vehicles and/or technology.

We anticipate our cumulative spending on capital expenditures to be approximately $1.4 billion for the fiscal year 2025 to support our continued commercialization and growth objectives as we strategically invest in manufacturing capacity and capabilities, our retail studios and service center capabilities throughout North America and across the globe, development of different products and technologies, and other areas supporting the growth of Lucid’s business. We expect to continue to receive financing and support for certain capital expenditures in connection with AMP-2 construction and purchases of machinery, tooling, and equipment. Refer to Note 6 “Debt” and Note 16 “Related Party Transactions” to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for more information. Our future capital expenditures may vary and will depend on many factors including the timing and extent of spending and other growth initiatives. In addition, we expect our operating expenses to increase in order to grow and support the operations of a global technology automotive company targeting volumes in line with Lucid’s aspirations.

As of December 31, 2024, our total minimum lease payments are $472.7 million, of which $71.3 million is due in fiscal year 2025. We also have non-cancellable long-term commitments of approximately $2.7 billion, primarily relating to certain inventory component purchases. For details regarding these obligations, refer to Note 11 “Leases” and Note 12 “Commitments and Contingencies” to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for more information. 

2026 Notes

In December 2021, we issued $2,012.5 million of the 2026 Notes. The 2026 Notes accrue interest at a rate of 1.25% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year, beginning on June 15, 2022. The 2026 Notes will mature on December 15, 2026, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Before the close of business on the business day immediately before September 15, 2026, noteholders will have the right to convert their Notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. From and after September 15, 2026, noteholders may elect at any time to convert their Notes until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. We will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election. The initial conversion rate is 18.2548 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately $54.78 per share of common stock. The conversion rate and conversion price will be subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a “Make-Whole Fundamental Change” (as defined in the indenture) occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we were in compliance with applicable covenants under the indenture governing the 2026 Notes.

International Manufacturing Expansion

On February 27, 2022, we announced the selection of King Abdullah Economic City (“KAEC”) in Saudi Arabia as the location of our first international manufacturing plant and signed related agreements with the Ministry of Investment of Saudi Arabia, the Saudi Industrial Development Fund, and the Economic City at KAEC. We started the AMP-2 operations with re-assembly of the Lucid Air vehicle “kits” pre-manufactured in the U.S. and, over time, will commence production of complete vehicles.

85

Saudi Industrial Development Fund (“SIDF”) Loan Agreement

On February 27, 2022, Lucid LLC, a limited liability company established in Saudi Arabia and our subsidiary (“Lucid LLC”) entered into a loan agreement (as subsequently amended, the “SIDF Loan Agreement”) with SIDF, a related party of the Public Investment Fund (“PIF”), which is an affiliate of Ayar. Under the SIDF Loan Agreement, SIDF has committed to provide loans (the “SIDF Loans”) to Lucid LLC in an aggregate principal amount of up to SAR 5.19 billion (approximately $1.4 billion); provided that SIDF may reduce the availability of SIDF Loans under the facility in certain circumstances. SIDF Loans will be subject to repayment in semi-annual installments in amounts ranging from SAR 25 million (approximately $6.7 million) to SAR 350 million (approximately $93.1 million), commencing on April 3, 2026 and ending on November 12, 2038. SIDF Loans are financing and will be used to finance certain costs in connection with the development and construction of AMP-2. Lucid LLC may repay SIDF Loans earlier than the maturity date without penalty. Obligations under the SIDF Loan Agreement do not extend to us or any of our other subsidiaries.

SIDF Loans will not bear interest. Instead, Lucid LLC will be required to pay SIDF service fees, consisting of follow-up and technical evaluation fees, ranging, in aggregate, from SAR 415 million (approximately $110.4 million) to SAR 1.77 billion (approximately $471.1 million), over the term of the SIDF Loans. SIDF Loans will be secured by security interests in the equipment, machines and assets funded thereby.

The SIDF Loan Agreement contains certain restrictive financial covenants and imposes annual caps on Lucid LLC’s payment of dividends, distributions of paid-in capital, or certain capital expenditures. The SIDF Loan Agreement also defines customary events of default, including abandonment of or failure to commence operations at the plant in KAEC, and drawdowns under the SIDF Loan Agreement are subject to certain conditions precedent. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, no amount was outstanding under the SIDF Loan Agreement.

Ministry of Investment of Saudi Arabia (“MISA”) Agreements 

In February 2022, Lucid LLC entered into agreements with MISA, a related party of the PIF, which is an affiliate of Ayar, pursuant to which MISA has agreed to provide economic support for certain capital expenditures in connection with Lucid LLC’s on-going design and construction of AMP-2. The support by MISA is subject to Lucid LLC’s completion of certain milestones related to the construction and operation of AMP-2. Following the commencement of construction, if operations at the plant do not commence within 30 months, or if the agreed scope of operations is not attained within 55 months, MISA may suspend availability of subsequent support. 

Pursuant to the agreements, MISA has the right to require Lucid LLC to transfer the ownership of AMP-2 to MISA, at the fair market value thereof, reduced by an amortized value of the support provided in the event of customary events of default including abandonment or material and chronically low utilization of AMP-2. Alternatively, Lucid LLC is entitled to avoid the transfer of the ownership of AMP-2 by electing to pay such amortized value. The agreements will terminate on the fifteenth anniversary of the commencement of CBU operations at AMP-2 at the latest.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received support of SAR 366 million (approximately $97.3 million) in cash, of which $64.0 million was recorded as deferred liability within other long-term liabilities and $33.3 million was recorded as a deduction in calculating the carrying amount of the related assets in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Subsequently, we recorded $64.0 million as a deduction in calculating the carrying amount of the related assets in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023. 

During the year ended December 31, 2023, we received support of SAR 366 million (approximately $97.5 million) in cash, of which $62.5 million was recorded as deferred liability within other long-term liabilities and $35.0 million was recorded as a deduction in calculating the carrying amount of the related assets in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2024, we recorded $97.5 million as a deduction in calculating the carrying amount of the related assets in the consolidated balance sheet. There were no unfulfilled conditions and contingencies attached to the payments received. 

GIB Facility Agreement

On April 29, 2022, Lucid LLC entered into a revolving credit facility agreement (the “GIB Facility Agreement”) with GIB, maturing on February 28, 2025. GIB is a related party of the PIF, which is an affiliate of Ayar. The GIB Facility Agreement provided for two committed revolving credit facilities in an aggregate principal amount of SAR 1.0 billion (approximately $266.1 million). SAR 650 million (approximately $173.0 million) under the GIB Facility Agreement was available as bridge financing (the “Bridge Facility”) of Lucid LLC’s capital expenditures in connection with AMP-2. The remaining SAR 350 million (approximately $93.1 million) might be used for general corporate purposes (the “Working Capital Facility”). Loans under the Bridge Facility and the Working Capital Facility had a maturity of no more than 12 months. The Bridge Facility incurred interest at a rate of 1.25% per annum over 3-month SAIBOR and the Working Capital Facility incurred interest at a rate of 1.70% per annum over 1~3-month SAIBOR and associated fees. 

86

On March 12, 2023, Lucid LLC entered into an amendment of the GIB Facility Agreement (together with the GIB Facility Agreement, the “2023 Amended GIB Facility Agreement”) to combine the Bridge Facility and the Working Capital Facility into a committed SAR 1.0 billion (approximately $266.1 million) revolving credit facility (the “2023 GIB Credit Facility”) which may be used for general corporate purposes. Loans under the 2023 Amended GIB Credit Facility Agreement have a maturity of no more than 12 months and bear interest at a rate of 1.40% per annum over SAIBOR (based on the term of borrowing) and associated fees.

We are required to pay a quarterly commitment fee of 0.15% per annum based on the unutilized portion of the 2023 GIB Credit Facility. Commitments under the 2023 Amended GIB Facility Agreement will terminate, and all amounts then outstanding thereunder would become payable, on the maturity date of the 2023 Amended GIB Facility Agreement. The 2023 Amended GIB Facility Agreement contains certain conditions precedent to drawdowns, representations and warranties and covenants of Lucid LLC and events of default.

As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had outstanding borrowings of SAR 475 million (approximately $126.4 million) and SAR 272 million (approximately $72.5 million), respectively. The weighted average interest rate on the outstanding borrowings was 7.04% and 7.49% as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, availability under the 2023 GIB Credit Facility was SAR 523 million (approximately $139.2 million) and SAR 727 million (approximately $193.9 million), respectively, after giving effect to the outstanding letters of credit. The outstanding borrowings were recorded within other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we were in compliance with applicable covenants under the 2023 Amended GIB Facility Agreement.

On February 24, 2025, Lucid LLC entered into an agreement to renew the 2023 GIB Credit Facility (the “2025 GIB Credit Facility”) maturing on February 24, 2028 to increase the credit facility committed amount from SAR 1.0 billion (approximately $266.1 million) to SAR 1.9 billion (approximately $506.7 million). Loans under the 2025 GIB Credit Facility may be used for general corporate purposes, have a maturity of no more than 12 months, and bear interest at a rate of 1.40% per annum over SAIBOR (based on the term of borrowing) and associated fees. See Note 18 “Subsequent Event” to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for more information.

ABL Credit Facility

In June 2022, we entered into the ABL Credit Facility with a syndicate of banks that may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. The ABL Credit Facility provides for an initial aggregate principal commitment amount of up to $1.0 billion (including a $350.0 million letter of credit subfacility and a $100.0 million swingline loan subfacility) and has a stated maturity date of June 9, 2027. Borrowings under the ABL Credit Facility bear interest at the applicable interest rates specified in the credit agreement governing the ABL Credit Facility. In June 2024, we amended the ABL Credit Facility to update the Canadian reference rate. Availability under the ABL Credit Facility is subject to the value of eligible assets in the borrowing base and is reduced by outstanding loan borrowings and issuances of letters of credit which bear customary letter of credit fees. Subject to certain terms and conditions, we may request one or more increases in the amount of credit commitments under the ABL Credit Facility in an aggregate amount up to the sum of $500.0 million plus certain other amounts. We are required to pay a quarterly commitment fee of 0.25% per annum based on the unutilized portion of the ABL Credit Facility. 

The ABL Credit Facility contains customary covenants that limit our ability and our restricted subsidiaries to, among other activities, pay dividends, incur debt, create liens and encumbrances, redeem or repurchase stock, dispose of certain assets, consummate acquisitions or other investments, prepay certain debt, engage in transactions with affiliates, engage in sale and leaseback transactions or consummate mergers and other fundamental changes. The ABL Credit Facility also includes a minimum liquidity covenant which, at our option following satisfaction of certain pre-conditions, may be replaced with a springing, minimum fixed charge coverage ratio financial covenant, in each case on terms set forth in the credit agreement governing the ABL Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we were in compliance with applicable covenants under the ABL Credit Facility.

As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had no outstanding borrowings under the ABL Credit Facility. Outstanding letters of credit under the ABL Credit Facility were $56.9 million and $45.4 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Availability under the ABL Credit Facility was $354.9 million (including $191.1 million cash and cash equivalents) and $413.4 million (including $144.0 million cash and cash equivalents) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, after giving effect to the borrowing base and the outstanding letters of credit. 

DDTL Credit Facility

In August 2024, we entered into the DDTL Credit Facility with Ayar that may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. The DDTL Credit Facility provides for a delayed draw term loan credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $750.0 million and has a stated maturity date of August 4, 2029. Borrowings under the DDTL Credit Facility bear interest at the applicable interest rates specified in the credit agreement governing the DDTL Credit Facility. We are required to pay a quarterly undrawn fee of 0.50% per annum based on the unutilized portion of the DDTL Credit Facility.

87

The DDTL Credit Facility contains customary covenants that limit our ability and our restricted subsidiaries to, among other activities, pay dividends, incur debt, create liens and encumbrances, redeem or repurchase stock, dispose of certain assets, consummate acquisitions or other investments, prepay certain debt, engage in sale and leaseback transactions or consummate mergers and other fundamental changes. The DDTL Credit Facility also includes a minimum liquidity covenant. As of December 31, 2024, we were in compliance with applicable covenants under the DDTL Credit Facility.

As of December 31, 2024, we had no outstanding borrowings under the DDTL Credit Facility.

At-the-Market Offering, Subscription Agreements and Underwriting Agreements

In December 2022, we completed our at-the-market offering program (the “At-the-Market Offering”) pursuant to the equity distribution agreement for net proceeds of $594.3 million after deducting commissions and other issuance costs and also consummated a private placement of shares to Ayar (the “2022 Subscription Agreement”) pursuant to the 2022 Subscription Agreement for $915.0 million. 

In June 2023, we completed the public offering pursuant to the 2023 Underwriting Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of $1.2 billion and also consummated a private placement of shares to Ayar pursuant to the 2023 Subscription Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of $1.8 billion after deducting issuance costs. See Note 9 “Stockholders’ Equity” to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report, for more information.

In March 2024, we issued 100,000 shares of our Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock to Ayar pursuant to the Series A Subscription Agreement and received aggregate net proceeds of $997.6 million after deducting issuance costs. In August 2024, we also issued 75,000 shares of our Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock to Ayar pursuant to the Series B Subscription Agreement and received aggregate net proceeds of $749.4 million after deducting issuance costs. See Note 8 “Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock” to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report, for more information.

In October 2024, we completed the public offering pursuant to the 2024 Underwriting Agreement and received net proceeds of $718.4 million and also consummated the private placement of shares to Ayar pursuant to the 2024 Subscription Agreement for net proceeds of $1,025.7 million after deducting issuance costs. See Note 9 “Stockholders’ Equity” to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report, for more information. 

We have generated significant losses from our operations as reflected in our accumulated deficit of $12.9 billion and $10.2 billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Additionally, we have generated significant negative cash flows from operations and investing activities as we continue to support the growth of our business. 

The expenditures associated with the development and commercial launch of our vehicles, the anticipated increase in manufacturing capacity, and the international expansion of our business operations are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and therefore, may affect the timing and magnitude of these anticipated expenditures. These risk and uncertainties are described in more detail in the section entitled “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report. 

Cash Flows

The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31,

20242023

Cash used in operating activities$(2,019,674)$(2,489,753)

Cash used in investing activities

(1,294,454)(946,975)

Cash provided by financing activities

3,549,673 3,070,915 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash$235,545 $(365,813)

Cash Used in Operating Activities

Our cash flows used in operating activities to date have been primarily comprised of cash outlays to support overall growth of the business, especially the costs related to inventory and sale of our vehicles, costs related to research and development, payroll and other general and administrative activities. As we continue to ramp up hiring after starting commercial operations, we expect our cash used in operating activities to increase significantly before it starts to generate any material cash flows from our business. 

88

Net cash used in operating activities decreased by $470.1 million to $2,019.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2024, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to an overall decrease in net operating assets and liabilities of $635.7 million, partially offset by an increase in net loss excluding non-cash expenses and gains of $165.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2024, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. The change in net operating assets and liabilities was primarily attributable to a decrease in inventory of $323.8 million due to lower purchases of raw materials and continuous improvement in inventory management, and a decrease in accounts payable of $174.3 million due to timing of payments. The decreases were partially offset by an increase in other current assets of $145.9 million due to an increase in advanced payments to suppliers recorded during the year ended December 31, 2024.

Cash Used in Investing Activities

Our cash flows used in investing activities primarily relate to purchases of investments and capital expenditures to support our growth, net of proceeds from maturities of investments. 

Net cash used in investing activities increased by $347.5 million to $1,294.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2024, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in purchases of investments of $624.6 million, partially offset by an increase in proceeds from maturities of investments of $391.2 million. The increase was also attributable to $97.5 million of proceeds from a government grant we received during the year ended December 31, 2023.

Cash Provided by Financing Activities

Since inception, we have financed our operations primarily from the issuances of equity securities, including the At-the-Market Offering, the private placements to Ayar, convertible preferred stock, the proceeds of the merger, and the 2026 Notes.

Net cash provided by financing activities increased by $478.8 million to $3,549.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2024, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. We received net proceeds of $1,744.0 million from the issuance of common stock under the 2024 Subscription Agreement and Underwriting Agreement, $997.6 million from the issuance of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, and $749.4 million from the issuance of Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock during the year ended December 31, 2024. We also received net proceeds of $2,996.9 million from the issuance of common stock under the 2023 Subscription Agreement and the 2023 Underwriting Agreement during the year ended December 31, 2023.

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”). The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and related disclosures in our financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making those estimates and any such differences may be material.

We believe that the following accounting policies involve a high degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of our operations. For more information about our accounting policies, see Note 2 “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report.

Revenue Recognition

We follow a five-step process in which we identify the contract, identify the related performance obligations, determine the transaction price, allocate the transaction price to the identified performance obligations, and recognize revenue when (or as) the performance obligations are satisfied. 

Vehicle Sales

Vehicle Sales without Residual Value Guarantee

Vehicle sales revenue is generated from the sale of electric vehicles to customers. There are two performance obligations identified in vehicle sale arrangements. These are the vehicle including an onboard advanced driver assistance system (“ADAS”), and the right to unspecified over-the-air (“OTA”) software updates to be provided as and when available over the term of the basic vehicle warranty, which is generally four years. Shipping and handling provided by us is considered a fulfillment activity.

89

Payment is typically received at the time of delivery or shortly after delivery of the vehicle to the customer, except for vehicle sales under the EV Purchase Agreement. Generally, control transfers to the customer at the time of delivery when the customer takes physical possession of the vehicle, which may be at a Lucid studio or other destination chosen by the customer. Our vehicle contracts do not contain a significant financing component. We have elected to exclude sales taxes from the measurement of the transaction price. We estimate the standalone selling price of all performance obligations by considering costs used to develop and deliver the good or service, third-party pricing of similar goods or services and other information that may be available. The transaction price is allocated among the performance obligations in proportion to the standalone selling price of our performance obligations. 

We recognize revenue related to the vehicle when the customer obtains control of the vehicle which occurs at a point in time either upon completion of delivery to the agreed upon delivery location or upon pick up of the vehicle by the customer. As the unspecified OTA software updates are provided when-and-if they become available, revenue related to OTA software updates is recognized ratably over the basic vehicle warranty term, commencing when control of the vehicle is transferred to the customer.

At the time of revenue recognition, we reduce the transaction price and record a sales return reserve against revenue for estimated variable consideration related to future product returns. Such return rate estimates are based on historical experience.

We provide a manufacturer’s warranty on all vehicles sold. The warranty covers the rectification of reported defects via repair, replacement, or adjustment of faulty parts or components. The warranty does not cover any item where failure is due to normal wear and tear. This assurance-type warranty does not create a performance obligation separate from the vehicle. The estimated cost of the assurance-type warranty is accrued at the time of vehicle sale.

Vehicle Sales with Residual Value Guarantee

We provide a residual value guarantee (“RVG”) to our commercial banking partners in connection with its vehicle leasing program. Under the vehicle leasing program, we generally receive payment for the vehicle sales price at the time of delivery or shortly after delivery, do not bear casualty and credit risks during the lease term, and are contractually obligated (or entitled) to share a portion of the shortfall (or excess) between the resale value realized by the commercial banking partners and a predetermined resale value. At the lease inception, we are required to deposit cash collateral equal to a contractual percentage of the residual value of the leased vehicles with the commercial banking partners. The cash collateral is held in a restricted bank account owned by the commercial banking partner until it is used, as applicable, in settlement of the RVG at the end of the lease term. Cash collateral is recorded in other noncurrent assets, subject to an asset impairment review at each reporting period. 

We account for the vehicle leasing program in accordance with ASC 842, Leases, ASC 460, Guarantees and ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. We are the lessor at inception of a lease and immediately transfer the lease as well as the underlying vehicle to our commercial banking partners, with the transaction being accounted for as a sale under ASC 606. We recognize revenue when control transfers upon delivery when the consumer-lessee takes physical possession of the vehicle, and bifurcate the RVG at fair value and account for it as a guarantee liability. The remaining amount of the transaction price is allocated among the performance obligations, including the vehicle, the right to unspecified OTA software updates and remarketing activities, in proportion to the standalone selling price of our performance obligations. Any fees or incentives that are paid or payable by us to commercial banking partners are recognized as a reduction to vehicle sales revenue.

The guarantee liability represents the estimated amount we expect to pay at the end of the lease term. We are released from residual risk upon either expiration or settlement of the RVG. We evaluate variables such as third-party residual value publications, risk of future price deterioration due to changes in market conditions and reconditioning costs to determine the estimated residual value guarantee liability. As we accumulate more data related to the resale value of our vehicles or as market conditions change, there could be material changes to the estimated guarantee liabilities.

Vehicle Operating Lease Revenue

We account for sales of vehicles with repurchase obligations as operating leases. We sell vehicles primarily to rental companies with an obligation to repurchase the vehicles at an agreed upon repurchase price. We record the difference between the proceeds received and the agreed upon repurchase price as vehicle leasing revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Deferred leasing revenue and repurchase obligation were recorded in other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.

Inventory Valuation

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is computed using standard cost for vehicles, which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis. We record inventory write-downs for excess or obsolete inventories based upon assumptions about current and future demand forecasts. If inventory on-hand is in excess of future demand forecast and market conditions, the excess amounts are written-off. 

90

Inventory is also reviewed to determine whether its carrying value exceeds the net amount realizable upon the ultimate sale of the inventory. This requires an assessment to determine the selling price of the vehicles less the estimated cost to convert the inventory on-hand into a finished product. Once inventory is written down, a new lower cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis. 

In the event there are changes in our estimates of future selling prices or production costs, we might be required to record additional and potentially material write-downs. A small change in our estimates may result in a material change in our reported financial results.

We periodically review and record write-downs for excess or obsolete inventories based upon assumptions about current and future demand forecasts, considering shelf-life and technological obsolescence of certain inventories. Our current and future demand forecasts are based on our historical sales, market share performance, macroeconomic factors and trends in quantities or prices of orders for our products. We evaluate whether raw materials are approaching the end of their shelf-lives or becoming technologically obsolete, and the likelihood that we will be able to use the raw materials in production. If our inventory on-hand is in excess of future demand forecast and market conditions, the excess amounts are provisioned or written-down. 

Once inventory is written-down, a new lower cost basis for that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.

Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock

Accounting for the redeemable convertible preferred stock requires an evaluation to determine if liability classification is required under ASC 480-10. Liability classification is required for freestanding financial instruments that are (1) subject to an unconditional obligation requiring the issuer to redeem the instrument by transferring assets, such as those that are mandatorily redeemable, (2) instruments other than equity shares that embody an obligation of the issuer to repurchase its equity shares, or (3) certain types of instruments that obligate the issuer to issue a variable number of equity shares. 

Securities that do not meet the scoping criteria to be classified as a liability under ASC 480 are subject to redeemable equity guidance, which prescribes securities that may be subject to redemption upon an event not solely within the control of the issuer to be classified as temporary equity. Securities classified in temporary equity are initially measured at the proceeds received, net of issuance costs and excluding the fair value of bifurcated embedded derivatives, if any. Subsequent measurement of the carrying value of the redeemable convertible preferred stock is required as the instrument is probable of becoming redeemable. We accrete the redeemable convertible preferred stock to its redemption value. In certain circumstances, the redemption price may vary based on changes in stock price, in which case we will recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the then current maximum redemption value at the end of each reporting period.

Derivative Liabilities 

In connection with the issuance of the redeemable convertible preferred stock, we evaluated the instruments for any features that must be bifurcated and separately accounted for as embedded derivatives. We concluded that the conversion features, inclusive of all settlement outcomes where the pay-off is indexed to the if-converted value, meets all the requirements to be separately accounted for as a bifurcated derivative. As a result, we bifurcated the redeemable convertible preferred stock between (i) the host contracts which are accounted for within mezzanine equity, and (ii) the bifurcated derivative liabilities. The proceeds from issuance are first allocated to the fair value of the bifurcated derivatives with the residual being allocated to the host contracts. The bifurcated derivatives are remeasured to fair value each reporting period with changes in fair value recorded in earnings. We estimated the fair value of the derivative liabilities using a binomial lattice model. Inherent in a binomial lattice model are unobservable inputs and assumptions. The inputs for the valuation of the derivative liabilities included the volatility, credit spread, and term. Assumptions used in the valuation also consider the contractual terms as well as the quoted price of our common stock in an active market. Significant changes in any of those inputs in isolation would result in significant changes to the fair value measurement. We remeasure the derivative liabilities at each reporting period and recognize the changes in fair value in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 2 “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for more information.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily the result of fluctuations in interest rates, equity price and inflationary pressure. 

91

Interest Rate Risk

We are exposed to market risk for changes in interest rates applicable to our cash and cash equivalents, and investments. We had cash, cash equivalents, and investments totaling approximately $5.04 billion as of December 31, 2024. Our investment policy is focused on the preservation of capital and supporting our liquidity needs. Under the policy, we invest in highly rated securities, primarily issued by the U.S. government or liquid money market funds. We do not invest in financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We utilize external investment managers who adhere to the guidelines of our investment policy. Based on investment positions as of December 31, 2024, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would result in $26.5 million incremental decline in the fair market value of our portfolio.

Equity Price Risk 

We hold equity securities of Aston Martin Lagonda Global Holdings plc (together with its subsidiaries, “Aston Martin”). The fair value of these equity securities was $37.8 million as of December 31, 2024. Changes in fair value of these equity securities are impacted by the volatility of the stock market and changes in general economic conditions, among other factors. A hypothetical 10% decrease in the stock price of these equity securities would decrease the fair value as of December 31, 2024 by $3.8 million.

Supply Risk

We are dependent on our suppliers, the majority of which are single-source suppliers, and the inability of these suppliers to deliver necessary components of its products according to the schedule and at prices, quality levels and volumes acceptable to us, or its inability to efficiently manage these components, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.