ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

We might not be able to continue
as a going concern.

Our consolidated financial statements as of March
31, 2023 have been prepared under the assumption that we will continue as a going concern for the next twelve months. At March 31, 2023,
we had cash and cash equivalents of $3.8 million and an accumulated deficit of $48.5 million. In May 2023, we completed a public offering
of common stock and warrants for net proceeds to us of approximately $9.7 million. Even with these offering proceeds, we do not believe
that our cash and cash equivalents would be sufficient to fund our operations for the period of 12 months from the date of issuance of
this report, and we would need to raise additional capital. As a result of our expected operating losses and cash burn for the foreseeable
future and recurring losses from operations, if we are unable to raise sufficient capital through additional debt or equity arrangements,
there will be uncertainty regarding our ability to maintain liquidity sufficient to operate our business effectively, which raises substantial
doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. If we cannot continue as a viable entity, our stockholders would likely lose most
or all of their investment in us.

If we are unable to generate
sustainable operating profit and sufficient cash flows, then our future success will depend on our ability to raise capital. We intend
to seek additional financing and evaluate financing alternatives in order to meet our cash requirements for the foreseeable future. We
cannot be certain that raising additional capital, whether through selling additional debt or equity securities or obtaining a line of
credit or other loan, will be available to us or, if available, will be on terms acceptable to us. If we issue additional securities to
raise funds, these securities may have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to those of our common stock, and our current stockholders
may experience dilution. If we are unable to obtain funds when needed or on acceptable terms, we may be required to curtail our current
product development programs, cut operating costs, forego future development and other opportunities or even terminate our operations.

We are a developmental stage medical
device company and have a history of significant operating losses; we expect to continue to incur operating losses, and we may never achieve
or maintain profitability.

As a development-stage
enterprise, we do not currently have revenues to generate cash flows to cover operating expenses. Since our inception, we have incurred
operating losses in each year due to costs incurred in connection with research and development activities and general and administrative
expenses associated with our operations. For the years ended March 31, 2023 and, 2022, we incurred net losses of approximately $13.9 million
and $18.6 million, respectively. As a result, we need to raise additional capital in the future, which may or may not be available to
us at all or only on unfavorable terms.

We expect to incur losses for the foreseeable
future as we continue the development of, and seek regulatory clearance and approvals for, our insulin pump. As our MODD1 insulin pump
is currently our only product, if it fails to gain regulatory approval and market acceptance, we will not be able to generate any revenue,
or explore other opportunities to enhance stockholder value, such as through a sale. If we fail to generate revenue and eventually become
profitable, or if we are unable to fund our continuing losses, our stockholders could lose all or a substantial part of their investment.

We will need substantial additional
funding to complete subsequent phases of the development of our insulin pump product candidate and to operate our business and such funding
may not be available or, if it is available, such financing is likely to substantially dilute our existing stockholders.

The discovery, development, and commercialization
of new medical devices, such as our insulin pump, entails significant costs. While we believe that we have generally completed the engineering
and mechanical aspects of our insulin pump and cartridge along with production-level assembly equipment, we still must refine and finalize
our insulin pump to, among other things, meet the general needs and preferences of the Almost Pumper marketplace and the guidelines of
third-party payors. To enable us to accomplish these and other related items and continue to operate our business, we will need to raise
substantial additional capital and/or enter into strategic partnerships or joint ventures to enable us to:

    ●
    fund clinical studies and seek regulatory approvals;

    ●
    build or access manufacturing and commercialization capabilities;

    ●
    develop, test, and, if approved, market our product candidate;

    ●
    acquire or license additional internal systems and other infrastructure; and

    ●
    hire and support additional management, engineering and scientific personnel.

Until we can generate a sufficient amount
of product revenue to finance our cash requirements, which we may never achieve, we expect to finance our cash needs primarily through
public or private equity offerings, debt financings or through the establishment of possible strategic alliances. We may in the future seek additional
capital from public or private offerings of our capital stock or borrow additional amounts under new credit lines or from other sources.
If we issue equity or debt securities to raise additional funds, our existing stockholders may experience dilution, we may incur significant
financing costs, and the new equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our existing stockholders.
In addition, if we raise additional funds through collaborations, licensing, joint ventures, strategic alliances, partnership arrangements
or other similar arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish valuable rights to the MODD1 pump or our potential future products or
proprietary technologies or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us.

We cannot be certain that additional funding
will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are not able to secure additional equity funding when needed, we may have to delay,
reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our clinical studies, development programs or future commercialization initiatives. In
addition, any additional equity funding that we do obtain will dilute the ownership held by our existing equity holders. The amount of
this dilution may be substantially increased if the trading price of our common stock is lower at the time of any financing. Regardless,
the economic dilution to stockholders will be significant if our stock price does not increase significantly, or if the effective price
of any sale is below the price paid by a particular stockholder. Any debt financing that we obtain in the future could involve substantial
restrictions on activities and creditors could seek a pledge of some or all of our assets. We have not identified potential sources for
such financing that we will require, and we do not have commitments from any third parties to provide any future debt financing. If we
fail to obtain funding as needed, we may be forced to cease or scale back operations, and our business, prospects, results of operations,
financial condition and stock price would be adversely affected.

We have a limited operating history and historical financial
information upon which you may evaluate our performance.

You should consider, among other factors,
our prospects for success in light of the risks and uncertainties encountered by companies that, like us, are in their early stages of
development. We may not successfully address these risks and uncertainties or successfully complete our studies and/or implement our existing
and new products. If we fail to do so, it could materially harm our business and impair the value of our common stock. Unanticipated problems,
expenses and delays are frequently encountered in establishing a new business, conducting research, and developing new products. These
include, but are not limited to, inadequate funding, failure to obtain regulatory approval, unforeseen research issues, lack of consumer,
physician or third-party payor acceptance, competition, sluggish product development, and inadequate sales and marketing. The failure
by us to meet any of these conditions would have a materially adverse effect upon us and may force us to reduce or curtail operations.
No assurance can be given that we can or will ever operate profitably.

The amount of financing we require
will depend on a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our results of operations, financial condition and stock price
are likely to be adversely affected if our funding requirements increase or are otherwise greater than we expect.

Our future funding requirements will depend
on many factors, including, but not limited to:

    ●
    the testing costs for our insulin pump product candidate and other development activities conducted by us directly, and our ability to successfully conclude the studies and activities and achieve favorable results;

    ●
    our ability to attract future strategic partners to pay for or share costs related to our product development efforts;

    ●
    the costs and timing of seeking and obtaining regulatory clearance and approvals for our product candidate;

    ●
    the costs of filing, prosecuting, maintaining and enforcing any patents and other intellectual property rights that we may have and defending against potential claims of infringement;

    ●
    decisions to hire additional scientific, engineering or administrative personnel or consultants;

    ●
    our ability to manage administrative and other costs of our operations; and

    ●
    the presence or absence of adverse developments in our research program.

If any of these factors cause our funding
needs to be greater than expected, our operations, financial condition, ability to continue operations and stock price may be adversely
affected.

Our future cash requirements may
differ significantly from our current estimates.

Our cash requirements may differ significantly
from our estimates from time to time, depending on a number of factors, including:

    ●
    the costs and results of our clinical studies regarding our insulin pump product candidate;

    ●
    the time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory clearance and approvals;

    ●
    
    whether we are able to obtain funding under
future licensing agreements, strategic partnerships, or other collaborative relationships, if any;

    ●
    the costs of compliance with laws, regulations, or judicial decisions applicable to us; and

    ●
    
    the costs of general and administrative infrastructure
required to manage our business and protect corporate assets and stockholder interests.

If we fail to raise additional funds on
a timely basis, we will need to scale back our business plans, which would adversely affect
our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition, and stock price, and we may even be forced to discontinue our operations
and liquidate our assets.

Technological breakthroughs in diabetes
monitoring, treatment or prevention could render our insulin pump obsolete.

The diabetes treatment market is subject
to rapid technological change and product innovation. Our insulin pump is based on our proprietary technology, but a number of companies,
medical researchers and existing pharmaceutical companies are pursuing new delivery devices, delivery technologies, sensing technologies,
procedures, drugs and other therapeutics for the monitoring, treatment and/or prevention of insulin-dependent diabetes. Any technological
breakthroughs in diabetes monitoring, treatment or prevention could render our insulin pump obsolete, which, since our insulin pump is
our only product candidate, would have a material adverse effect on our business, our insulin pump is our only product candidate, would have a material
adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition
and could result in stockholders losing their entire investment.

Any failure to attract and retain
skilled directors, executives, employees and consultants could impair our product development and commercialization activities.

Our business depends on the skills, performance,
and dedication of our directors, executive officers and key engineering, scientific and technical advisors. Many of our current engineering
or scientific advisors are independent contractors and are either self-employed or employed by other organizations. As a result, they
may have conflicts of interest or other commitments, such as consulting or advisory contracts with other organizations, which may affect
their ability to provide services to us in a timely manner. We will need to recruit additional directors, executive management employees,
and advisers, particularly engineering, scientific and technical personnel, which will require additional financial resources. In addition,
there is currently intense competition for skilled directors, executives and employees with relevant engineering, scientific and technical
expertise, and this competition is likely to continue. If we are unable to attract and retain persons with sufficient engineering, scientific,
technical and managerial experience, we may be forced to limit or delay our product development activities or may experience difficulties
in successfully conducting our business, which would adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition.

Our operations are substantially
dependent upon key personnel.

Our performance is substantially dependent
on the continued services and performance of our senior management and certain other key personnel. The loss of services of any of our
executive officers or other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, any future expansion of our business will depend on our ability to identify, attract, hire, train, retain and motivate other
highly skilled managerial, marketing, customer service and manufacturing personnel, and our inability to do so could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We are dependent on the performance
and continued engagement of our Chairman, President and Principal Financial Officer.

We are dependent on the performance and
continued engagement of Paul DiPerna, our chairman, president and principal financial officer. Although we believe we will be able to
engage qualified personnel for such purposes, an inability to do so could materially adversely affect our ability to market, sell, and
enhance our products. While Mr. DiPerna is currently devoting his full-time working efforts to us, other employees and consultants may
only be available to us on a part-time basis. The loss of one or more of our key employees, especially Mr. DiPerna, or our inability to
hire and retain other qualified employees, including but not limited to research and development, sales, manufacturing, and administrative
support staff, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition.

We have limited internal research
and development personnel, making us dependent on consulting relationships.

We consider research and development to
be an important part of the process of designing, developing, obtaining regulatory required approvals and the eventual commercialization
of our insulin pump. We continue to incur increased research and development expenditures, which are primarily attributable to effort
and expenses incurred in designing and developing our innovative insulin pump. We expect to continue to incur substantial costs related
to research and development.

We will need to outsource and rely
on third parties for various aspects relating to the development, manufacture, sales and marketing of our insulin pump as well as in connection
with assisting us in the preparation and filing of our FDA submission, and our future success will be dependent on the timeliness and
effectiveness of the efforts of these third parties.

We are dependent on consultants for important
aspects of our product development strategy. We do not have the required financial resources and personnel to carry out independently
the development of our product candidate, and do not have the capability or resources to manufacture, market or sell our current product
candidate. As a result, we contract with and rely on third parties for important functions, including in connection with the development
and finalization of our insulin pump, the preparation and filing of our FDA submission and eventual manufacturing and commercialization
of our product candidate. We have recently entered into several agreements with third parties for such services. If problems develop in
our relationships with third parties, or if such parties fail to perform as expected, it could lead to delays or lack of progress in obtaining
FDA clearance, significant cost increases, changes in our strategies, and even failure of our product initiatives.

We may not be able to identify,
negotiate and maintain the strategic alliances necessary to develop and commercialize our products and technologies, and we will be dependent
on our corporate partners if we do.

We may seek to enter into a strategic
alliance with a diabetes-related service providing company for the further development and approval of our insulin pump product candidate.
At this time, we have not entered into any such strategic alliance. Strategic alliances, if entered into, could potentially provide us
with additional funds, expertise, access, and other resources in exchange for exclusive or non-exclusive licenses or other rights to the
product that we are currently developing or a product we may explore in the future. We cannot give any assurance that we will be able
to enter into strategic relationships with a diabetes-related service providing company or others in the near future or at all. In addition,
we cannot assure you that any agreements that we do reach will allow us to achieve our goals or that such grants will be on terms that
prove to be economically beneficial to us. When we do enter into strategic or contractual relationships, we become dependent on the successful
performance of our partners or counter-parties. If they fail to perform as expected, such failure could adversely affect our financial
condition, lead to increases in our capital needs, or hinder or delay our development efforts. See “Our Business -Employees”
below.

We may not receive the necessary regulatory
clearance or approvals for our insulin pump, and failure to timely obtain necessary clearances and/or approvals could harm our then operations,
including our ability to commercialize our product candidate.

Before we can market a new medical device,
such as our insulin pump, we must first receive clearance under Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or the “FDCA.”
In the 510(k) clearance process, before a device may be marketed, the FDA must determine that such proposed device is “substantially
equivalent” to a legally-marketed “predicate” device, which includes a device that has been previously cleared through
the 510(k) process, a device that was legally marketed prior to May 28, 1976 (pre-amendments device), a device that was originally on
the U.S. market pursuant to a premarket approval (PMA) and later down-classified, or a 510(k)-exempt device. To be “substantially
equivalent,” the proposed device must have the same intended use as the predicate device, and either have the same technological
characteristics as the predicate device or have different technological characteristics and not raise different questions of safety or
effectiveness than the predicate device.

Certain future modifications made to our
product candidate, which we currently expect to be cleared through 510(k), may require a new 510(k) clearance. The 510(k) clearance process
can be expensive, lengthy and uncertain. The FDA’s 510(k) clearance process usually takes from three to 12 months, but it can last
longer. Despite the time, effort and cost, a device may not be approved or cleared by the FDA. Any delay or failure to obtain necessary
regulatory authorizations could harm our business, including our ability to commercialize our product candidate and our stockholders could
lose their entire investment. Furthermore, even if we are granted the required regulatory authorizations, such authorizations may be subject
to significant limitations on the indicated uses for the device, which may limit the market for our product candidate.

If the FDA requires us to go through a
lengthier, more rigorous examination for our product candidate than we had expected, product introductions or modifications could be delayed
or canceled, which could adversely affect our ability to grow our business.

The FDA can delay, limit or deny clearance
or approval for our insulin pump medical device for many reasons, including, for example:

    ●
    
    our inability to demonstrate to the satisfaction
of the FDA that our product candidate is substantially equivalent to the proposed predicate device;

    ●
    
    the disagreement of the FDA with the design
or implementation of our performance testing protocols or the interpretation of data from our performance testing;

    ●
    the data from performance testing may be insufficient to support a determination of substantial equivalence or that our device meets required special controls or applicable performance standards;

    ●
    our inability to demonstrate that the benefits of our pump outweigh the risks;

    ●
    the manufacturing process or facilities we intend to use may not meet applicable requirements; for example, we experienced issues maintaining insulin stability on an initial version of our pump product candidate, and we attributed this issue to the materials used in the production of our product; we believe we have made the necessary changes to our materials and process to address this issue and will be completing the required testing prior to our FDA submission; and

    ●
    the potential for approval policies or regulations of the FDA to change significantly in a manner rendering our data or regulatory filings insufficient for clearance or approval.

In addition, the FDA may change its clearance
and approval policies, adopt additional regulations or revise existing regulations, or take other actions, which may prevent or delay
approval or clearance of our product candidate or impact our ability to modify our product candidate after clearance on a timely basis.
Such policy or regulatory changes could impose additional requirements upon us that could delay our ability to obtain clearance for our
pump, increase the costs of compliance or restrict our ability to maintain our current approval.

As a general rule, demonstration of conformity
of medical devices and their manufacturers with the essential requirements must be based, among other things, on the evaluation of data
supporting the safety and performance of the product candidates during normal conditions of use. Specifically, a manufacturer must demonstrate
that the device achieves its intended performance during normal conditions of use, that the known and foreseeable risks, and any adverse
events, are minimized and acceptable when weighed against the benefits of its intended performance, and that any claims made about the
performance and safety of the device are supported by suitable evidence.

Obtaining marketing authorization
in the United States will not obviate the need to obtain marketing authorization in other jurisdictions We must obtain approval from foreign
regulatory authorities before we can market and sell any of our product candidates in countries outside the United States. We will incur
additional costs in seeking such approvals, may experience delays in obtaining such approvals and cannot be certain that such approvals
will be granted.

The development, manufacture, and marketing
of our product candidates outside the United States is subject to government regulation. In most foreign countries, we must complete rigorous
pre-clinical testing and extensive human clinical trials that demonstrate the safety and efficacy of a product in order to apply for regulatory
approval to market the product. If foreign regulatory authorities grant regulatory approval of a product, the approval may be limited
to specific indications or limited with respect to its distribution. Expanded or additional indications for approved devices may not be
approved, which could limit our potential revenues. Foreign regulatory authorities may refuse to grant any approval. Consequently, even
if we believe that pre-clinical and clinical data are sufficient to support regulatory approval for our products, foreign regulatory authorities
may not ultimately grant approval for commercial sale in any jurisdiction. If our product candidates are not approved in such jurisdictions,
our ability to generate revenues will be limited and our business will be adversely affected.

Our competitors may develop products
that are more effective, safer and less expensive than ours.

Existing insulin pumps are expensive,
with the more popular models having purchase prices exceeding $4,000 for individuals without health insurance and often require significant
patient copays. Others have daily use costs that exceed the reimbursement rates of many health insurance plans, forcing some users to
spend thousands of dollars a year in copays. We believe this makes insurers hesitant to pay for any pumps and places pumps out of reach
for many patients who cannot afford such out of pocket expenses.

We are engaged in the diabetes treatment
sector of the healthcare marketplace, which is intensely competitive. There are current products that are quite effective at addressing
the effects of diabetes, and we expect that new developments by other companies and academic institutions in the areas of diabetes treatment
will continue. If approved for marketing by the FDA, depending on the approved clinical indication, our product will be competing with
existing and future products related to treatments for diabetes.

Our competitors may:

    ●
    develop product candidates and market products that increase the levels of safety or efficacy that our product candidates will need to show in order to obtain regulatory approval;

    ●
    develop product candidates and market products that are less expensive or more effective than ours;

    ●
    commercialize competing products before we can launch any products we are working to develop;

    ●
    hold or obtain proprietary rights that could prevent us from commercializing our products; or

    ●
    introduce therapies or market medical products that render our potential product candidates obsolete.

We expect to compete against large medical
device companies, such as Medtronic, Inc., Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. and Insulet Corporation and smaller companies that are collaborating
with larger medical device companies, new companies, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research
organizations. These competitors, in nearly all cases, produce similar products relative to the treatment of diabetes and have substantially
greater financial resources than we do. Our competitors also have significantly greater experience in:

    ●
    developing medical device and other product candidates;

    ●
    undertaking testing and clinical studies;

    ●
    building relationships with key customers and opinion-leading physicians;

    ●
    obtaining and maintaining FDA and other regulatory approvals;

    ●
    formulating and manufacturing medical devices;

    ●
    launching, marketing and selling medical devices;

    ●
    providing management oversight for all of the above-listed operational functions; and

    ●
    obtaining insurance coverage and reimbursement for our product.

If we fail to achieve acceptance over
other existing or newly developed products, we may be unable to obtain regulatory approval or successfully commercialize our MODD1 insulin
pump product candidate or any future products. If our competitors’ market medical devices that are less expensive, safer or more
effective than our insulin pump, or that gain or maintain greater market acceptance, we may not be able to compete effectively, which
would adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. See “Business - Competition.”

We expect to rely on third-party
manufacturers and will be dependent on their quality and effectiveness.

Our insulin pump requires precise, high-quality
manufacturing. The failure to achieve and maintain high manufacturing standards, including failure to detect or control anticipated or
unanticipated manufacturing errors or the frequent occurrence of such errors, could result in patient injury or death, discontinuance
or delay of ongoing or planned clinical studies, delays or failures in product testing or delivery, cost overruns, product recalls or
withdrawals and other problems that could seriously hurt our business. Contract medical device manufacturers often encounter difficulties
involving production yields, quality control and quality assurance and shortages of qualified personnel. These manufacturers are subject
to stringent regulatory requirements, including the FDA’s current good-manufacturing-practices regulations. If our contract manufacturers
fail to maintain ongoing compliance at any time, the production of our product could be interrupted, resulting in delays or discontinuance
of our clinical studies, additional costs and loss of potential revenues.

We may not be able to successfully
scale-up manufacturing of our product candidate in sufficient quality and quantity, which would delay or prevent us from developing our
product candidate and commercializing our product candidate.

In order to conduct larger-scale or late-stage
clinical studies and for commercialization of our insulin pump, if 510(k) clearance is granted, we will need to manufacture it in larger
quantities. We may not be able to successfully increase the manufacturing capacity for our product candidate in a timely or cost-effective
manner, or at all. In addition, quality issues may arise during scale-up activities. If we are unable to successfully scale up the manufacture
of our product candidate in sufficient quality and quantity, the development and testing of our product candidate and regulatory approval
or commercial launch may be delayed, which could significantly harm our business.

We are dependent upon third-party
suppliers to manufacture our product, and this makes us vulnerable to supply shortages and price increases; we may not be able to obtain
an adequate supply of components on a timely basis or at all.

The future manufacture of our product
will require the timely delivery of sufficient amounts of components from multiple suppliers in various countries. We intend to work closely
with our suppliers to ensure continuity of supply, but we cannot guarantee these efforts will be successful. Due to the supply chain issues
experienced by the semiconductor industry, at times, we have experienced delays obtaining integrated circuits from certain suppliers.
We may need to enter into “take or pay” contracts with suppliers. We have also seen price increases for various components.
We do not have supply agreements with any of our suppliers, and we make purchases based on individual purchase orders. An interruption,
delay, or inability to obtain components from our third-party suppliers at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could hinder our ability
to manufacture our products and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

We may be subject to potential product
liability and other claims that could materially impact our business and financial condition.

The development and sale of our insulin
pump exposes us to the risk of significant damages from product liability and other claims, and the use of our product candidate in clinical
studies may result in adverse effects from liability claims. We cannot predict all the possible harms or adverse effects that may result.
We intend to obtain product liability insurance to provide some protection from claims. Nonetheless, we may not have sufficient resources
to pay for any liabilities resulting from a personal injury or other claim, even if it is partially covered by insurance. In addition
to the possibility of direct claims, we may be required to indemnify third parties against damages and other liabilities arising out of
our development, commercialization and other business activities, which would increase our liability exposure. If third parties that have
agreed to indemnify us fail to do so, we may be held responsible for those damages and other liabilities as well.

Legislative, regulatory, or medical
cost reimbursement changes may adversely impact our business.

New laws, regulations and judicial decisions,
or new interpretations of existing laws, regulations and decisions, that relate to the health care system in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions
may change the nature of and regulatory requirements relating to innovations in medical devices, testing and regulatory approvals, limit
or eliminate payments for medical procedures and treatments, or subject the pricing of medical devices to government control. In addition,
third-party payors in the U.S. are increasingly attempting to contain health care costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement
of new products. Consequently, significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved health care products. Significant
changes in the health care system in the U.S. or elsewhere, including changes resulting from adverse trends in third-party reimbursement
programs, could have a material adverse effect on our projected future operating results and our ability to raise capital, commercialize
products, and remain in business.

We are subject to extensive regulation
by the FDA, which could restrict the sales and marketing of our insulin pump and could cause us to incur significant costs.

Our insulin pump is subject to extensive
regulation by the FDA. These regulations relate to manufacturing, labeling, sale, promotion, distribution and shipping. Before a new medical
device, or a new intended use of a legally marketed device, can be marketed in the United States, it must be cleared or approved by FDA
through the applicable premarket review process (510(k), PMA, or de novo classification), unless an exemption applies. If we receive 510(k)
clearance for our insulin pump, we may be required to obtain new 510(k) clearances for significant post-market modifications to the pump.
Each premarket submission and review process can be expensive and lengthy, and entail significant user fees, unless exempt.

Medical devices may be marketed only for
the indications for which they are approved or cleared. Further, 510(k) clearance can be revoked if safety or effectiveness problems develop
once the device is on the market.

The current regulatory requirements to
which we are subject may change in the future in a way that adversely affects us. If we fail to comply with present or future regulatory
requirements that are applicable to us, we may be subject to enforcement action by the FDA, which may include any of the following sanctions:

    ●
    untitled letters, warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties;

    ●
    customer notification, or orders for repair, replacement or refunds;

    ●
    voluntary or mandatory recall or seizure of our current or future products;

    ●
    administrative detention by the FDA of medical devices believed to be adulterated or misbranded;

    ●
    imposing operating restrictions, suspension or shutdown of production;

    ●
    refusing our requests for 510(k) clearance, PMA or de-novo classification of any new products, new intended uses or modifications to our insulin pump;

    ●
    rescinding 510(k) clearance that has already been granted; and

    ●
    criminal prosecution.

The occurrence of any of these events
would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and could result in stockholders losing
their entire investment.

Although our insulin pump product
candidate does not presently require clinical trials to apply to the FDA for clearance and even if a clinical trial is completed, the
results of our clinical testing may not demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the device or may be equivocal or otherwise not be sufficient
for us to obtain approval of our product candidate.

Clinical trials are almost always required
to support a PMA application and may also be required to support 510(k) submissions although at this time ours does not require a PMA.
If the device presents a “significant risk” to human health as defined by the FDA, the FDA requires the study sponsor to submit
an investigational device exemption (“IDE”) application and obtain IDE approval prior to commencing human clinical trials.
The IDE must be supported by appropriate data, such as animal and laboratory testing results, showing that it is safe to test the device
in humans and that the testing protocol is scientifically sound. An IDE will automatically become effective 30 days after receipt by the
FDA, unless the FDA denies the application or notifies the sponsor that the investigation is on hold and may not begin until the sponsor
provides supplemental information about the investigation that satisfies the agency’s concerns. The FDA may also notify the sponsor
that the study is approved as proposed. If the FDA determines that there are deficiencies or other concerns with an IDE that require modification
of the study, the FDA may permit a clinical trial to proceed under a conditional approval. Furthermore, the agency may withdraw approval
of an IDE under certain circumstances. Clinical trials for a significant risk device may begin once an IDE is approved by the FDA and
the appropriate Institutional Review Board (“IRB”) at each clinical trial site. If the product is deemed a “non-significant
risk” device, IDE approval from the FDA would not be required, but the clinical trial would need to meet other requirements including
IRB approval. Our clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with FDA regulations and federal and state regulations concerning human
subject protection, including informed consent and healthcare privacy. A clinical trial may be suspended by the FDA or at a specific site
by the relevant IRB at any time for various reasons, including a determination that the risks to the trial participants outweigh the benefits
of participation in the clinical trial. Even if a clinical trial is completed, the results of our clinical testing may not demonstrate
the safety and efficacy of the device or may be equivocal or otherwise not be sufficient for us to obtain approval of our product.

Our success depends substantially
upon our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection relating to our product candidate and research technologies.

We have applied to the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office (the “USPTO”) and various foreign patent agencies for patents on our proprietary fluid movement technology
and our insulin delivery methodology. To date, the USPTO has granted three patents to us, and we have additional applications pending
and in various stages of review by the USPTO and foreign patent agencies. There can be no assurance that we will be issued additional
patents by the USPTO or foreign patent agencies and that any of our patents will prevent other companies from competing with us. We will
continue to attempt to patent our innovations, as appropriate, to help ensure a sustainable competitive advantage.

Due to evolving legal standards relating
to the patentability, validity and enforceability of patents covering health care product inventions, our ability to enforce our existing
patents and to obtain and enforce patents that may issue from any pending or future patent applications is uncertain and involves complex
legal, scientific and factual questions. To date, no consistent policy has emerged regarding the breadth of claims allowed in medical
device patents. Thus, we cannot be sure that any patents will issue from any pending or future patent applications owned by or licensed
to us. Even if patents do issue, we cannot be sure that the claims of these patents will be held valid or enforceable by a court of law,
will provide us with any significant protection against competing products, or will afford us a commercial advantage over competitive
products. If, at some point in the future, one or more products resulting from our product candidates is approved for sale by the FDA
and we do not have adequate intellectual property protection for those products, competitors could duplicate them for approval and sale
in the United States without repeating the extensive testing required of us to obtain FDA approval.

If we are sued for infringing on
third-party intellectual property rights, it will be costly and time-consuming, and an unfavorable outcome would have a significant adverse
effect on our business.

Our ability to commercialize our product
candidate depends on our ability to use, manufacture and sell our product candidate without infringing the patents or other proprietary
rights of third parties. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications owned by third parties exist in the
diabetes medical device area. There may be existing patents, unknown to us, on which our activities with our insulin pump candidate could
infringe.

If a third party claims that our actions
infringe on its patents or other proprietary rights, we could face a number of issues that could materially harm our competitive position,
including, but not limited to:

    ●
    infringement and other intellectual property claims that, even if meritless, can be costly and time-consuming, delay the regulatory approval process and divert management’s attention from our core business operations;

    ●
    An order that we pay substantial damages for infringement, including consequential damages for lost of profits or market share, if a court determines that our products or technologies infringe on a third party’s patent or other proprietary rights;

    ●
    a court prohibiting us from selling or licensing our products or technologies unless the holder licenses the patent or other proprietary rights to us, which it is not required to do; and

    ●
    even if a license is available from a holder, we may have to pay substantial royalties or grant cross-licenses to our patents or other proprietary rights.

If any of these events occur, it could
significantly harm our operations and financial condition and negatively affect our stock price.

If we are unable to protect the
confidentiality of our proprietary information, the value of our technology and products could be adversely affected.

In addition to patented technology and
technology for which patent protection is being sought, we rely on our unpatented technology, trade secrets and know-how. We generally
seek to protect this information by confidentiality, non-disclosure and assignment of invention agreements with our officers, employees,
contractors and other service providers and with parties with which we do business. These agreements may be breached, which breach may
result in the misappropriation of such information, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. We cannot be certain that
the steps we have taken will prevent unauthorized use or reverse engineering of our technology.

Moreover, our trade secrets may be disclosed
to or otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors. To the extent that our officers, employees, contractors, other
service providers, or other third parties with whom we do business use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes
may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. If, for any of the above reasons, our intellectual property
is disclosed or misappropriated, it would harm our ability to protect our rights and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

Intellectual property rights do
not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage.

The degree of future protection afforded
by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations, and may not adequately protect
our business, or permit us to gain and maintain a competitive advantage. The following examples are illustrative:

    ●
    others may be able to make devices that are similar to our insulin pump but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own;

    ●
    we or any collaborators might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patents or pending patent applications that we own;

    ●
    we might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions;

    ●
    others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights;

    ●
    it is possible that our pending patent applications will not lead to issued patents;

    ●
    issued patents that we own may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable as a result of legal challenges;

    ●
    
    our competitors might conduct research and
    development activities in the U.S. and other countries that provide a safe harbor from patent infringement claims for certain
    research and development activities, as well as in countries where we do not have patent rights, and then use the information
    learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; and

    ●
    we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable.

Healthcare reform and drug-pricing
reform laws could adversely affect our product candidate and financial condition.

In the United States, there have been,
and continue to be, a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable
Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act (ACA), was enacted in the United States, which
made a number of substantial changes in the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers. Among other ways in
which it may affect our business, the ACA implemented payment system reforms, including a national pilot program on payment bundling to
encourage hospitals, physicians, and other providers to improve the coordination, quality, and efficiency of certain healthcare services
through bundled payment models and expanded the eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs. Since its enactment, there have been judicial,
executive, and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. It is unclear how the ACA and its implementation, as well as efforts
to repeal or replace, or invalidate, the ACA, or portions thereof, will affect our insulin pump or our business. Additional legislative
changes, regulatory changes, and judicial challenges related to the ACA remain possible. It is possible that the ACA, as currently enacted
or as it may be amended in the future, and other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, could have an adverse effect
on our industry generally and on our ability to commercialize our insulin pump and achieve profitability. We have assumed in all of our
financial projections that there is not an increase in the reimbursement for our product through the pharmacy or durable medical equipment
routes.

President Biden intends, as his predecessor
did, to take action against drug prices which are considered “high.” Drug pricing continues to be a subject of debate at the
executive and legislative levels of U.S. government. The American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 includes a provision that will eliminate the
statutory cap on rebates drug manufacturers pay to Medicaid beginning in January 2024. With the elimination of the rebate cap, manufacturers
may be required to compensate states in an amount greater than what the state Medicaid programs pay for the drug. Additionally, the Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 contains substantial drug pricing reforms, including the establishment of a drug price negotiation program within
the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services that would require manufacturers to charge a negotiated “maximum fair price”
for certain selected drugs or pay an excise tax for noncompliance, the establishment of rebate payment requirements on manufacturers of
certain drugs payable under Medicare Parts B and D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation, and requires manufacturers to provide
discounts on Part D drugs. Substantial penalties can be assessed for noncompliance with the drug pricing provisions in the Inflation Reduction
Act of 2022. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 could have the effect of reducing the prices we can charge and reimbursement we receive
for our products, if approved, thereby reducing our profitability, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations and growth prospects. The effect of Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 on our business and the pharmaceutical industry
in general is not yet known.

At the state level, legislatures have
increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient
reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures,
and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. We expect that additional federal, state
and foreign healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments
will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in limited coverage and reimbursement and reduced demand for our products,
once approved, or additional pricing pressures.

These and other healthcare reform measures
that may be adopted in the future may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that
we receive for any current product or future product candidate. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government healthcare
programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare
reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our products. Legislative and regulatory
proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for drugs. We cannot be sure
whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or
what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of any current or future product candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased
Congressional scrutiny of the FDA’s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us
to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 

Even if we are able to obtain all
regulatory approvals and have completed all other steps needed to be taken to commercialize our insulin pump, if we or any contract manufacturers
we select fails to comply with the FDA’s quality system regulations, the manufacturing and distribution of our product candidate
could be interrupted, and our product sales and operating results could suffer.

We have established initial, low-volume manufacturing
capability in our facility, and we have selected an initial, tier one contract manufacturer. We and the contract manufacturer of our insulin
pump will be required to comply with the FDA’s quality system regulations, which impose a complex regulatory framework that covers
the procedures and documentation of the design, testing, production, control, quality assurance, labeling, packaging, sterilization, storage
and shipping of medical devices. The FDA enforces its quality system regulations through periodic unannounced inspections. We cannot assure
you that, in the future, any manufacturing facilities owned by us or any contract manufacturer will pass any quality system inspection.
In the event that our or any contract manufacturer’s facilities fails a quality system inspection, the manufacturing or distribution
of our product candidate could be interrupted and our operations disrupted. Failure to take adequate and timely corrective action in response
to an adverse quality system inspection could force a suspension or shutdown of any packaging and labeling operations or then manufacturing
operations of any contract manufacturers, or a recall of our insulin pump. If any of these events were to occur, we at such time would
not be able to provide our customers with the quantity of insulin pumps that they require on a timely basis, our reputation could be harmed
and we could lose any customers we then have, any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations.

We may bring infringement claims
or other legal proceedings against third parties, causing us to spend substantial resources on litigation and exposing our own intellectual
property portfolio to challenge.

We may come to believe that third parties
are infringing on our patents or other proprietary rights. To prevent infringement or unauthorized use, we may need to file infringement
and/or misappropriation suits, which are very expensive and time-consuming, could result in meritorious counterclaims against us and would
distract management’s attention. Also, in an infringement or misappropriation proceeding, a court may decide that one or more of
our patents is invalid, unenforceable, or both, in which case third parties may be able to use our technology without paying license fees
or royalties. Even if the validity of our patents is upheld, a court may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue
on the grounds that the other party’s activities are not covered by our patents. See “Business - Patents,” below.

We may become involved in disputes
with our present or future contract partners over intellectual property ownership or other matters, which would have a significant effect
on our business.

Inventions discovered in the course of
performance of contracts with third parties or contractors may become jointly owned by such third party contractors and us, in some cases,
and the exclusive property of one of us, in other cases. Under some circumstances, it may be difficult to determine who owns a particular
invention or whether it is jointly owned, and disputes could arise regarding ownership or use of those inventions or jointly developed
improvements thereto. Other disputes may also arise relating to the performance or alleged breach of our agreements with third parties.
Any disputes could be costly and time-consuming, and an unfavorable outcome could have a significant adverse effect on our business.

Assuming our insulin pump receives
FDA clearance or approval, our insulin pump will still be subject to recalls, which would harm our reputation, business operations and
financial results.

Even assuming we obtain FDA approval or
clearance with regard to our insulin pump, the FDA has the authority to require the recall of our pump if we commence manufacturing of
our insulin pump and we or any contract manufacturers we retain fail to comply with relevant regulations pertaining to manufacturing practices,
labeling, advertising or promotional activities, or if new information is obtained concerning the safety or efficacy of the device. A
government-mandated recall could occur if the FDA finds that there is a reasonable probability that our device would cause serious, adverse
health consequences or death. A voluntary recall by us could occur as a result of manufacturing defects, labeling deficiencies, packaging
defects or other failures to comply with applicable regulations. Any recall would divert management’s attention and financial resources
and harm our reputation with customers. A recall involving our insulin pump would be particularly harmful to our business, financial condition
and results of operations because it is currently our only product candidate.

Any disruption and/or instability
in economic conditions and capital markets could adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets, and thus adversely affect
our business and liquidity.

Negative economic conditions and instability
or uncertainty in the financial markets could have a negative impact on our ability to access the capital markets, and thus have a negative
impact on our then operations and liquidity. We face certain risks in the event of a sustained deterioration of financial market liquidity,
as well as in the event of sustained deterioration in the liquidity, or failure, of our banking, cash management and custodial financial
institutions. A general shortage of liquidity and credit combined with the substantial losses in worldwide equity markets could lead to
an extended worldwide recession in the future. If such occurred, we would face significant challenges if conditions in the capital markets
did not improve. Our ability to access the capital markets under such circumstances could be severely restricted at a time when we need
to access such markets, which could have a negative impact on our business plans. Even if we are able to raise capital under such circumstances,
it may not be at a price or on terms that are favorable to us. We cannot predict the occurrence of future disruptions or how long such
negative conditions might continue.

Because our current insulin pump
is still in the pre-clearance stage with the FDA, it does not have reimbursement and is not approved for insurance coverage. If in the
future we are cleared for and are otherwise able to commercialize our insulin pump, but are unable to obtain adequate reimbursement or
insurance coverage for such product candidate from third-party payors, we will be unable to generate significant revenue.

Because our current insulin pump is still
in the pre-clearance stage with the FDA, it is not eligible for reimbursement and is not approved for insurance coverage. The future availability
of insurance coverage and reimbursement for newly approved medical devices is highly uncertain. In the United States, patients using insulin
pumps are generally reimbursed for all or part of the product cost by Medicare or other third-party payors. Any future commercial success
of our insulin pump will be substantially dependent on whether third-party coverage and reimbursement is available for future customers.
Medicare, Medicaid, health maintenance organizations and other third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs
by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement of new medical devices, and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate
reimbursement for our insulin pump, assuming we are able to fully develop and obtain all regulatory approval to market it in the United
States. In addition, in certain countries, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for medical device products and services exists
among third-party payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for medical device products and services can differ significantly from
payor to payor. In addition, payors continually review new technologies for possible coverage and can, without notice, deny coverage for
these new products and procedures. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will
require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage
and adequate reimbursement will be obtained or maintained, if obtained. Reimbursement systems in international markets vary significantly
by country and by region within some countries, and reimbursement approvals must be obtained on a country-by-country basis. In many international
markets, a product must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that country. Further, many international
markets have government-managed healthcare systems that control reimbursement for new devices and procedures. Accordingly, unless government
and other third-party payors provide coverage and reimbursement for our insulin pump, patients may not use it, which would cause investors
to lose their entire investment.

We are subject to oversight by the
SEC and other regulatory agencies. Investigations by those agencies could divert management’s focus and could have a material adverse
effect on our reputation and financial condition.

We are subject to the regulation and oversight
of the SEC and state regulatory agencies, in addition to the FDA. As a result, we may face legal or administrative proceedings by these
agencies. We are unable to predict the effect of any investigations on our business, financial condition or reputation. In addition, publicity
surrounding any investigation, even if ultimately resolved in our favor, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We are a “smaller reporting
company” and, as a result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies, our common
stock may be less attractive to investors.

We are a “smaller reporting company,”
and are subject to lesser disclosure obligations in our SEC filings compared to other issuers. Specifically, “smaller reporting
companies” are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their filings, are exempt from the provisions of
Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC filings,
including, among other things, only being required to provide two years of audited financial statements in annual reports. Decreased disclosures
in our SEC filings due to our status as a “smaller reporting company” may make it harder for investors to analyze our operating
results and financial prospects.

We do not expect any cash dividends
to be paid on our shares of common stock for the foreseeable future.

We have never declared or paid a cash
dividend and we do not anticipate declaring or paying dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. We expect to use future
financing proceeds and earnings, if any, to fund operating expenses. Consequently, stockholders’ only opportunity to achieve a return
on their investment is if the price of our stock appreciates and they sell their shares at a profit. We cannot assure stockholders of
a positive return on their investment when they sell their shares or that stockholders will not lose the entire amount of their investment.

If the beneficial ownership of our
common stock continues to be highly concentrated, it may prevent our stockholders from influencing significant corporate decisions.

As of March 31, 2023, our executive officers,
directors and certain persons who may be deemed affiliates beneficially owned approximately 50% of our issued and outstanding common stock.
Specifically, James Besser, our chief executive officer, was the beneficial owner of approximately 29% of our outstanding common stock.
As a result, such persons may exercise substantial influence over the outcome of corporate actions requiring stockholder approval including,
without limitation, the election of directors, certain mergers, consolidations and sales of all or substantially all of our assets or
any other significant corporate transactions. Such persons may also vote against a change of control, even if such a change of control
would benefit our other stockholders. Thus, investors in our common stock cannot reasonably expect to have any influence over the election
of our directors or other matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Instead, our existing significant stockholders may exert a
substantial influence on the election of our directors and any actions requiring or otherwise put to a stockholder vote, potentially in
a manner that you do not support. The concentrated amount of control over our affairs held by a relatively few significant investors could
serve to reduce the attractiveness or liquidity of our common stock, and thereby depress its trading price. Additionally, conflicts of
interest may arise between these executive officers, directors and other affiliates, on the one hand, and us and our other stockholders,
on the other hand. In resolving these conflicts of interests, these investors may favor their own interests and the interests of their
affiliates, over the interests of our other stockholders, which could cause a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations.

Future sales of our securities could
adversely affect the market price of our common stock and our future capital-raising activities could involve the issuance of equity securities,
which would dilute your investment and could result in a decline in the trading price of our common stock.

We may sell securities in the public or
private equity markets at prices per share below the current market price of our common stock, even if we do not have an immediate need
for additional capital at that time. Sales of substantial amounts of shares of our common stock, or the perception that such sales could
occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our shares and our ability to raise capital. We may issue additional shares
of common stock in future financing transactions or as incentive compensation for our executive management and other key personnel, consultants
and advisors. Issuing any equity securities would be dilutive to the equity interests represented by our then-outstanding shares of common
stock. Moreover, sales of substantial amounts of shares in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely
affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital. Such resulting significant
downward pressure on the price of our common stock could also encourage short sales by third parties. Such an event could place further
downward pressure on the price of our common stock.

Our articles of incorporation allow
for our board of directors to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by our stockholders, which could adversely
affect the rights of the holders of our common stock.

Our board of directors has the authority
to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Currently, our board of directors has the authority to designate
and issue up to 5,000,000 shares of our preferred stock without further stockholder approval. In the future, our board of directors could
authorize the issuance of one or more series of preferred stock that would grant to holders, among other rights, the preferred right to
our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock and
the right to the redemption of our preferred shares acquired by such persons, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of our
common stock. In addition, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that has greater voting
power than our common stock or that is convertible into our common stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of our common
stock or result in dilution to our existing stockholders.

If we fail to establish and maintain
an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or prevent fraud. Any inability
to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our reputation and adversely affect the trading price of our
common stock.

Effective internal controls are necessary
for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, we may
not be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment existed, and our business and reputation
with investors may be harmed. If we are unable to maintain effective internal controls, we may not have adequate, accurate or timely financial
information, and we may be unable to meet our reporting obligations as a public company, including the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act). In addition, we may be unable to accurately report our financial results in future periods or report
them within the timeframes required by the requirements of the SEC or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Failure to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, when and as applicable, could also potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities.
Any failure to maintain or implement required new or improved controls, or any difficulties we encounter in their implementation, could
result in identification of additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations
or result in material misstatements in our financial statements.

Furthermore, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act and related regulations require our management to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of
the end of each fiscal year. Based on its evaluation, our management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were
effective as of March 31, 2023. We cannot provide assurance that, in the future, a material weakness or significant deficiency will not
exist or otherwise be discovered. If that were to happen, it could harm our operating results and cause stockholders to lose confidence
in our reported financial information. Any such loss of confidence would have a negative effect on the trading price of our securities.

Our board of directors is able to
adopt recapitalizations through forward or reverse splits of our outstanding shares of common stock without stockholder approval.

Pursuant to our amended and restated articles
of incorporation, our board of directors has the power, without obtaining stockholder approval, to effectuate recapitalizations of us
through forward or reverse splits of our outstanding common stock. As a result of such provision, our board of directors can implement
recapitalizations of us by effectuating a forward or reverse stock split of our outstanding common stock, which would increase or decrease
each of our stockholder’s number of shares owned, and our stockholders will have no right to approve or disapprove any such action
even if such actions have a material adverse effect on them.