ITEM 1A. Risk Factors. 

We have listed below the material risk factors applicable to us grouped into the following categories:  Operational Risks; Macroeconomic, Market, and Strategic Risks; Financial Risks; and Legal and Regulatory Risks.  Some of the risks and contingencies discussed herein may have previously occurred.  These risk factors are not representations as to whether or not such matters have occurred in the past and instead reflect our opinions on material factors that may materially and adversely affect our business in the future.  We have a global business, and conditions in our industry and the regions where we operate and sell our products and services may change quickly.  Accordingly, institutional stability is crucial to businesses like Ford as we make hiring and investment decisions, as well as to the smooth functioning of financial markets on which we depend.  Rapid policy change in our home market, the United States, is creating uncertainty in our operations and business outlook, and may remain a source of volatility in the future.

Operational Risks

Ford’s long-term success depends on delivering the Ford+ plan, including improving cost competitiveness.  We previously announced our plan for growth and value creation – Ford+.  Ford+ is our plan to thrive at the intersection of great vehicles, iconic brands, and innovative software and service, building Ford into a higher growth, higher margin, more capital efficient, and more durable company.  Our Ford+ plan is designed to leverage our foundational strengths with enhanced capabilities – enriching customer experiences and deepening loyalty.  As we progress this transformation of our business, we must integrate our strategic initiatives into a cohesive business model, modernize our systems, processes, and technologies, and balance competing priorities, or we will not be successful.  To facilitate this transformation, we are making substantial investments, recruiting new talent, and modernizing and optimizing our business model, management and IT systems, and organization.  Our strategy involves providing customers freedom of choice to select the powertrain that best suits their needs and maintaining manufacturing flexibility at Ford to meet shifting customer demand.  Accordingly, maintaining discipline in our capital allocation continues to be important, as a strong core business and a balance sheet that provides the flexibility to invest in these opportunities are critical to the success of our Ford+ plan.  If we are unable to optimize our capital allocation among vehicles (and propulsion systems among our vehicles), services, technology, and other calls on capital, make sufficient and timely progress to become competitive on cost and quality and ensure that progress is sustainable, or we are otherwise not successful in executing Ford+ (or are delayed for reasons outside of our control), we may not be able to realize the full benefits of our plan, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.  Furthermore, if we fail to make progress on our plan at the pace that shareholders expect, it may lead to an increase in shareholder activism, which may disrupt the conduct of our business and divert management’s attention and resources.  As described elsewhere herein, global political instability and volatility in government regulations and unpredictable trade policy (including tariffs) in the United States and around the world limit our ability to conduct effective long-term planning and make capital allocation decisions.

Ford’s products have been and could continue to be affected by defects that result in recall campaigns, increased warranty costs, or delays in new model launches, and the time it takes to improve the quality of our products and services and reduce the costs associated therewith could continue to have an adverse effect on our business.  Government safety standards require manufacturers to remedy defects related to vehicle safety through safety recall campaigns, and a manufacturer is obligated to recall vehicles if it determines that the vehicles do not comply with a safety standard.  We may also be obligated to remedy defects or potentially recall our products due to defective components provided to us by our suppliers, arising from their quality issues or otherwise.

NHTSA’s enforcement strategy has resulted in significant civil penalties being levied and the use of consent orders, including at Ford, requiring direct oversight by NHTSA of certain manufacturers’ safety processes, a strategy that could continue.  For example, as part of a consent order we entered into with NHTSA in 2024, we have retained an independent third party selected by NHTSA to assess the Company’s adherence to the consent order and Safety Act over the term of the consent order and to report on Ford’s progress to NHTSA.  Should we or government safety regulators determine that a safety or other defect or a noncompliance exists with respect to certain of our products prior to the start of production, the launch of such product could be delayed until such defect is remedied.  The cost of recall and customer satisfaction actions to remedy defects in vehicles that have been sold could be substantial, particularly if the actions relate to global platforms or involve defects that are identified years after production.  For example, NHTSA and the automotive industry are currently engaged in a study of the safety of approximately 56 million Takata desiccated airbag inflators in the United States.  Of these, approximately 3.5 million of the inflators are in our vehicles.  In addition, NHTSA is considering action related to 52 million vehicles containing inflators from ARC Automotive and Delphi Automotive in the United States.  Ford has 2.5 million vehicles within this population.  Should NHTSA determine that these inflators contain a safety defect, Ford and other manufacturers could potentially face significant incremental recall costs.  Further, to the extent recall and customer satisfaction actions relate to defective components we receive from suppliers, our ability to recover from the suppliers may be limited by the suppliers’ financial condition.

18

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued)

Ford is also subject to environmental regulatory compliance requirements, and in many jurisdictions (including the United States), we are required to report on and correct certain emissions-related defects.  Similarly, where required by regulation, we are obligated to honor certain warranties on emissions-related components, which can impose additional obligations beyond our standard warranties and increase our costs.

We accrue the estimated cost of both base warranty coverages and field service actions at the time a vehicle is sold, and we reevaluate the adequacy of our accruals on a regular basis.  In addition, from time to time, we issue extended warranties at our expense, the estimated cost of which is accrued at the time of issuance.  The impact of such accruals will be reflected in our results of operations for the period in which the accrual is made, which could cause variability in our financial performance, while the cash flow impact may be reflected in a later period or periods.  For additional information regarding warranty and field service action costs, including our process for establishing our reserves, see “Critical Accounting Estimates” in Item 7 and Note 24 of the Notes to the Financial Statements.  If warranty costs are greater than anticipated as a result of increased vehicle and component complexity, the adoption of new technologies, the time it takes to improve the quality of our products and services (or if such efforts are unsuccessful), implementation of additional remedies in the event the initial one is ineffective or parts are unavailable, or otherwise (including as a result of higher repair costs driven by inflation or other economic factors), such costs could continue to have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

Furthermore, launch delays, recall actions, and increased warranty costs have generated negative publicity and adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect our reputation or the public perception and market acceptance of our products and services as discussed elsewhere herein.  In an effort to improve quality, we have slowed down and may continue to slow down launches, which may result in lost sales, revenue, and profits and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.  From time to time, our inventory levels may be higher due to a number of different factors, including as a result of vehicles on hold for quality control, which may cause us to incur additional costs associated with those vehicles, e.g., repair costs for weather-related damage.

Ford is highly dependent on its suppliers to deliver components in accordance with Ford’s production schedule and specifications, and a shortage of or inability to timely acquire key components or raw materials has previously disrupted and may, in the future, disrupt Ford’s operations.  Our products contain many components that we source globally from a complex network of suppliers, who, in turn, source components from their suppliers.  If there is a shortage of a key component in our supply chain or a supplier is unable to deliver a component to us in accordance with our specifications and at the cost contracted for, because of a production issue, a disruption at a supplier’s facility (e.g., fire, explosion, equipment failure, or natural disaster), limited availability of materials, shipping problems, restrictions on transactions with certain countries or companies, implementation of tariffs, or other reason, and the component cannot be easily sourced from a different supplier, or we are unable to obtain a component on a timely basis, the shortage may disrupt our operations or increase our costs of production and our ability to recoup lost production volume may be limited.  For example, in 2025, our production was disrupted by fires at one of our major aluminum suppliers, the effects of which are ongoing.

For the manufacture of our electrified products, we are dependent on the supply of batteries and the raw materials (e.g., lithium, cobalt, and nickel) used by our suppliers to produce those batteries.  Some of these resources are limited, and, as a result, we may be unable to acquire raw materials needed for our products in sufficient amounts that are responsibly sourced or at reasonable prices.  As described in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section in Item 7 below, and elsewhere herein, we have entered into and we may, in the future, enter into offtake agreements and other long-term purchase contracts that obligate us, subject to certain conditions such as quality or minimum output, to purchase a certain percentage or minimum amount of output from certain raw materials suppliers.  In the event the supplier under those agreements or any of our or our suppliers’ raw material supply contracts is unable to deliver sufficient quantities of raw materials needed for our or our suppliers’ production operations, e.g., if a mine does not produce at expected levels, or the raw materials do not otherwise satisfy our requirements, and we or our suppliers are unable to find an alternative resource that satisfies our technical requirements and with sufficient quantities, at reasonable prices, responsibly sourced, and in a timely manner, it could impact our ability to manufacture products.  Further, suppliers who fail to comply with our requirements for ethical business practices could lead us to seek alternative suppliers, which may result in delayed deliveries or increased costs.

A shortage of, or our inability to acquire or find adequate suppliers of, key components or raw materials as a result of disruptions in the supply chain, import and export bans or tariffs imposed by the U.S. or foreign governments, capacity constraints, limited availability, competition for those items within the automotive industry and other sectors, or otherwise can cause a significant disruption to our production schedule and have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.  For example, China’s restriction on the export of rare earth minerals, which we and our suppliers utilize for a number of components, has impacted (e.g., rescheduling production, changing operating patterns) 

19

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued)

and caused disruptions in our production operations, increases the risk of future production disruptions, and has increased and may further increase costs (e.g., premium freight and expedited shipping costs to make up for delays in component availability).  Moreover, as the industry evolves, suppliers of traditional or EV-specific components may face financial distress or choose to exit certain lines of business, further narrowing our sourcing options and potentially leading to higher prices or supply shortages that could have a substantial adverse effect on our results of operations and reputation.

Ford’s production, as well as Ford’s suppliers’ production, and/or the ability to deliver products to consumers could be disrupted by labor issues, public health issues, natural or man-made disasters, adverse effects of climate change, financial distress, production difficulties, capacity limitations, or other factors.  A work stoppage or other limitation on production has occurred, and could in the future occur, at Ford’s facilities, at a facility in its supply chain, or at one of its logistics providers for any number of reasons, including as a result of labor issues, such as shortages of available employees, disputes under existing collective bargaining agreements with labor unions or in connection with negotiation of new collective bargaining agreements, absenteeism, public health issues (e.g., COVID), stay-at-home orders, or in response to potential restructuring actions (e.g., plant closures); as a result of supplier financial distress or other production constraints, such as limited quantities of components or raw materials, quality issues, capacity limitations, or other difficulties; as a result of a natural disaster (including climate-related physical risk); social unrest; cybersecurity incidents; or for other reasons.  A suspension or substantial curtailment of our manufacturing operations could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  The duration of a suspension of manufacturing operations and a return to our full production schedule will vary.  Our Ford Blue, Ford Model e, and Ford Pro operations generally do not realize revenue while our manufacturing operations are suspended, but we continue to incur operating and non-operating expenses, resulting in a deterioration of our cash flow.  Accordingly, any significant future disruption to our production schedule, regionally or globally, whether as a result of our own or a supplier’s suspension of operations, could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations.  Moreover, our supply and distribution chains may be disrupted by supplier or dealer bankruptcies or their permanent discontinuation of operations.  In addition, broader changes in the supplier landscape, including supplier consolidation and suppliers’ decisions to no longer participate in a particular line of business, pose a risk of supply shortages and/or price increases.

The limited availability of components, labor shortages, public health emergencies, and supplier operating issues have led to intermittent interruptions in our supply chain and an inconsistent production schedule at our facilities.  This has exacerbated the disruption to our suppliers’ operations, which, in turn, has led to higher costs and production shortfalls.  As a result of this disrupted production schedule, we have received and continue to receive claims from our supply base for reimbursement of costs beyond our original agreed terms.  Upon receipt, we evaluate those claims, and, in certain circumstances, we have made payments to our suppliers, and this trend may continue.

Given the worldwide scope of our supply chain and operations, we and our suppliers face a risk of disruption or operating inefficiencies that may increase costs due to the adverse physical effects of climate change, which are predicted to increase the frequency and severity of weather and other natural events, e.g., wildfires, extended droughts, flooding, and extreme temperatures.  In addition, in the event a weather-related event, strike, international conflict, or other occurrence limits the ability of freight carriers to deliver components or other materials to us, or logistics providers are unable to transport our products for an extended period of time, it may increase our costs and delay or otherwise impact our production operations and customers’ ability to receive our products.

Many components used in our products are available only from a single or limited number of suppliers and, therefore, cannot be re-sourced quickly or inexpensively to another supplier (due to long lead times, specialized tooling, rigorous validation requirements, and new contractual commitments that may be required by another supplier before ramping up to provide the components or materials, etc.).  Such suppliers also could threaten to disrupt our production as leverage in negotiations.  In addition, when we undertake a model changeover, significant downtime at one or more of our production facilities may be required, and our ability to return to full production may be delayed if we experience production difficulties at one of our facilities or a supplier’s facility.  Moreover, as vehicles, components, and their integration become more complex, we may face an increased risk of a delay in production of new vehicles.  Regardless of the cause, our ability to recoup lost production volume may be limited.  Accordingly, as we have experienced in the past, and may again experience in the future, a significant disruption to our production schedule could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations and may impact our strategy to comply with fuel economy standards as discussed elsewhere herein.

20

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued)

Ford may not realize the anticipated benefits of existing or pending strategic alliances, joint ventures, acquisitions, divestitures, commercial relationships, or business strategies or the benefits may take longer than expected to materialize.  We have invested in, formed strategic alliances or entered into commercial relationships with, and announced or formed joint ventures with a number of companies, and we may expand those relationships or enter into similar relationships with additional companies.  These initiatives typically involve enormous complexity, may require a significant amount of capital, and may involve a lengthy regulatory approval process.  As a result, we may not be able to complete anticipated transactions, the anticipated benefits of these transactions may not be realized, or the benefits may be delayed.  For example, we may not successfully integrate an alliance or joint venture with our operations, including the implementation of our controls, systems, procedures, and policies, we may be unable to retain key employees, or unforeseen expenses or liabilities may arise that were not discovered during due diligence prior to an investment or entry into a strategic alliance, or a misalignment of interests may develop between us and the other party.  Further, to the extent we share ownership, control, or management with another party in a joint venture, our ability to influence the joint venture may be limited, and we may be unable to prevent misconduct or implement our compliance or internal control systems.  Moreover, negative publicity, government investigations, or litigation involving a company with which we have a business or supply relationship, including licensing intellectual property, may have an adverse effect on our reputation.  In order to secure critical materials to manufacture our products, we have entered into and may, in the future, enter into offtake agreements and other long-term purchase contracts with raw materials and other suppliers and make investments in certain raw material, battery, and suppliers; however, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these actions and our efforts to have our suppliers, particularly those in less developed markets, adopt Ford’s sustainability and other standards may be unsuccessful, which could have an adverse impact on our reputation and may expose us to litigation or investigations as a result of our relationships with such suppliers.

In addition, the implementation of a new or different business strategy may not be successful or may lead to the disruption of our existing business operations, including distracting management from current operations.  For example, the new battery energy storage business we announced in the fourth quarter of 2025 or our efforts to evaluate and implement alternative distribution models and channels for our products and services from those we have traditionally used may be challenged or may not succeed or be as successful as our historical arrangements.  External factors may also impact the success of our initiatives.  For example, our business and strategy are susceptible to tensions in U.S.-China relations and the rapid development of the Chinese electrified vehicle industry, with domestic Chinese producers exporting to some key markets in which we operate.  In addition, as we implement our strategy to provide customers freedom of choice to select the powertrain that best suits their needs and maintain manufacturing flexibility to meet shifting customer demand, we have in the past taken, and may in the future take, actions such as adjusting our investments and spending, not fully utilizing or reducing the capacity of our existing or future plants, reducing production hours or shifts, cancelling programs or deciding to no longer produce vehicles already in production, or delaying vehicle and technology launches, and we have in the past and may in the future become subject to claims by suppliers or other parties, incur charges related to impairments, asset write-downs, or inventory adjustments, or lose or become obligated to repay government incentives as a result.  For example, we have taken, and may in the future take, such actions to better match the pace of EV adoption, which has been lower than anticipated industrywide.  Results of operations from new activities may be lower than anticipated or our existing activities, and, if a strategy is unsuccessful, we may not recoup our investments, which may be significant, in that strategy.  Further, as our strategy evolves in an area, we may be unable to utilize or redeploy our existing assets or investments in that or other areas, which may lead to impairments and other cash and non-cash charges.  Moreover, we have in the past incurred and may in the future incur charges and continue to have financial exposure following a change in strategy, a strategic divestiture, a cessation of operations in a market, or a decision to unwind an existing venture or relationship.  For example, in December 2025, we announced our updated EV strategy, the expected disposition of our investment in BlueOval SK, LLC, and the charges we expected to record related to those items.  Failure to successfully and timely realize the anticipated benefits of the transactions or strategies described herein could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

Ford may not realize the anticipated benefits of restructuring actions and such actions may cause Ford to incur significant charges, disrupt our operations, or harm our reputation.  We continually review and evaluate our business to find opportunities to make our operations more efficient and reduce costs.  In doing so, we have taken, and may in the future take, restructuring actions, such as strategic divestitures, unwinding an existing venture or relationship, or ceasing operations in a market, particularly for those businesses where a path to sustained profitability is not feasible in light of the capital allocation requirements or for other reasons.  Our plans for implementing such actions may be accelerated by shifting industry dynamics and new entrants to our industries with which we must compete.  These actions may include employee separations, a reduced footprint (e.g., plant closures or smaller operations at existing plants or plants that are not yet on-line), operating our plants at less than full capacity (e.g., reducing shifts), cancelling products or programs, or shifting our strategy for the deployment of technologies.  Such restructuring actions have caused us and may in the future cause us to incur significant costs; record impairments or other charges; subject us to potential claims from employees, suppliers, dealers, other counterparties, or governmental authorities (including a reduction or clawback of 

21

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued)

incentives); disrupt our operations; distract management from current operations; or harm our reputation.  Further, we may not realize the expected benefits of such restructuring actions (e.g., anticipated cost savings), such benefits may be delayed, or market dynamics or other factors may have evolved such that we cannot obtain the original intended results of an action.

Failure to develop and deploy secure digital services that appeal to customers, retain existing subscribers, and grow our subscription rates could have a negative impact on Ford’s business.  A growing part of our business involves connectivity, digital and physical services, and integrated software services, and we are devoting significant resources to develop this business.  Further, we have announced our plans and expectations for integrated services to become a larger portion of our revenue and earnings by offering new and differentiated products, retaining existing subscribers, and growing subscription rates with new customers.  If we do not develop, deliver, and make available standardized technologies that customers can easily adopt and use, fail to generate sufficient demand for our integrated software and digital services, or if customers do not opt to activate the modems in our vehicles, which would hinder our ability to offer and sell such services, we may not grow revenue in line with the costs we are investing or achieve profitability on our increasingly digitally-connected products.  Shifting public policy regarding data privacy and the effects of artificial intelligence has caused and may in the future cause us to incur substantial costs to modify our operations or business practices, reduce consumers’ willingness to engage with our offerings, or cause delays or lapses in the availability of our products or services in various jurisdictions.  We must convince prospective users of the benefits of our subscription services and our existing users of the continued value thereof.  This depends in large part on our ability to offer exceptional services, competitive pricing, integrated functionality, and a satisfying user experience.  Further discussion of risks associated with market acceptance of our services and the evolving regulatory landscape is provided elsewhere herein.

We contract with third parties to offer digital content to customers and license technologies for use in our software and digital services.  This includes the right to sell, or offer subscriptions to, third-party content, as well as the right to incorporate specific content into our own services; however, continuation of these third-party licensing and other arrangements, or their renewal on commercially reasonable terms, is not guaranteed or may be unavailable.  Moreover, while we seek to grow our share of this business, third parties may be less inclined to continue developing or licensing software for Ford’s products or permit the Company to distribute their content, or such providers may offer competing products and services to the detriment of our business.  If we are unable to offer integrated software applications and digital services on competitive terms, it may reduce customer demand or increase our costs to provide such applications and services, which we may be unable to pass on to customers.  Alternatively, we may have to develop or license new content or technology to provide digital services, and there can be no assurance we would be able to develop or license such content or technology at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner, either of which could have a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or reputation.

Sophisticated software integration may have issues that can unexpectedly interfere with the intended operation of hardware or other software products and services.  In addition, the services we offer can have quality issues and may, from time to time, experience outages, service slowdowns, or errors.  Moreover, the reliance of our services on cloud-based systems and other digital infrastructure owned by third parties creates particular risk.  Any outage, misconfiguration, or loss of data within the systems or infrastructure of these third parties could impair the performance of our services from time to time.  As a result, these services may not always perform as anticipated and may not meet customer expectations.  There can be no assurance we will be able to detect and remedy all issues and defects in the hardware, software, and services we offer, or successfully deliver over-the-air (“OTA”) updates.  Failure to do so on a timely basis could result in widespread technical and performance issues affecting our products and services.  Further discussion of the risks associated with product defects, quality issues, or delays in product launches and availability is provided elsewhere herein.

We continue to increase the number of BlueCruise (our hands-free highway driving system) enabled vehicles on the road and its growth and expansion remains an important part of our strategy.  We also face substantial competition in that area.  In addition, autonomous vehicle and driver assist technologies, including BlueCruise, continue to be scrutinized by government regulators and consumers, and actual or perceived failures or misuse of these technologies and features have led to government investigations and inquiries, including of Ford.  Such negative publicity of our products or those of our competitors could undermine consumer trust and negatively impact our subscription rates.  If we are unable to successfully develop and grow BlueCruise and other subscription services or build and maintain consumer trust in those offerings, we may be unable to recoup the investments we have made in those technologies and it could negatively impact our reputation, financial condition, and results of operations.

22

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued)

While we continue to invest in direct-to-consumer sales methods for our connectivity, digital and physical services, and integrated software services offerings, we are dependent on the efforts of third-party dealers for the majority of our sales in this space.  We have invested and will continue to invest in programs to enhance sales through dealers, including education programs for dealership employees on the benefits of our services offerings and developing and making available digital marketing assets to dealers.  These efforts may require a substantial investment of time and capital while providing no assurance of incremental sales.

The actions of end users are generally beyond our control and some users may engage in fraudulent or abusive activities that involve our digital services.  These include unauthorized use of accounts through stolen credentials, failure to pay for services accessed, or other activities that violate our terms of service.  While we have implemented security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to our digital services and related information systems, malicious entities have and will continue to attempt to gain unauthorized access to them.  If our efforts to detect such violations or our actions to control these types of fraud and abuse are not effective or timely, it may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or reputation.  Further discussion of the risks associated with operational information systems and our cybersecurity posture is provided elsewhere herein.

Ford’s ability to maintain a competitive cost structure could be affected by labor or other constraints.  The vast majority of the hourly employees in our manufacturing operations in the United States and Canada are represented by unions and covered by collective bargaining agreements.  These agreements provide guaranteed wage and benefit levels throughout the contract term and some degree of income security, subject to certain conditions.  Our recent labor contracts, including those with the International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America (“UAW”) in the United States and Unifor in Canada, have resulted in significant cost increases.  If we are unable to offset these costs, it could have a significant adverse effect on our business.  Some of our competitors do not have such collective bargaining agreements and are not subject to the same constraints.  Further, a substantial number of our employees in other regions are represented by unions or government councils, and legislation or custom promoting retention of manufacturing or other employment in the state, country, or region may constrain as a practical matter our ability to sell or close manufacturing or other facilities or increase the cost of doing so.  These agreements in the United States, Canada, Europe, and other regions may restrict our ability to close plants and divest businesses.  In addition, to the extent companies in our global supply chain that are not currently parties to collective bargaining agreements enter into such agreements or otherwise increase their employees’ wages and benefits, any increased costs incurred by those suppliers may, in turn, increase our costs.  

Ford’s ability to attract, develop, grow, support, and reward talent is critical to its success and competitiveness.  Our success depends on our ability to continue to attract, develop, grow, support, and reward talented and diverse employees with domain expertise in engineering, software, technology, integrated services, supply chain, marketing, and finance, among other areas.  While we have been successful in attracting talent in recent years, as with any company, the ability to continue to attract talent is important, particularly in growth areas vital to our success such as software, electrification and adjacent technologies, and integrated services.  Competition for such talent is intense, which has led to an increase in compensation throughout a tight labor market, and, accordingly, may increase costs for companies.  In addition to attracting talent, we must also retain the talent needed to deliver our business objectives.  If we lose existing employees, are unable to attract talent with needed skills, or we are unable to develop existing employees, particularly with the introduction of new technologies and our focus on operational efficiency and quality, it could have a substantial adverse effect on our business.  

Operational information systems, security systems, products, and services could be affected by cybersecurity incidents, ransomware attacks, and other disruptions and impact Ford, Ford Credit, their suppliers, and dealers.  We rely on information technology networks and information systems, including in-vehicle systems and mobile devices, some of which are managed by suppliers, some of which are provided by third-party service providers, and some of which ultimately rely on other services provided to these third parties by unaffiliated service providers, to process, transmit, and store electronic information that is important to the operation of our business, our vehicles, and the services we offer.  Despite devoting significant resources to our cybersecurity program, we are at risk for interruptions, outages, and compromises of: (i) operational information systems (including business, financial, accounting, product development, consumer receivables, data processing, or manufacturing processes); (ii) facility security systems; and/or (iii) in-vehicle systems or mobile devices, whether caused by a ransomware or other cybersecurity incident, security breach, or other reason (e.g., a natural disaster, fire, acts of terrorism or war, or an overburdened infrastructure system).  Additionally, any outage, security breach, misconfiguration, or loss of data within networks and systems managed by or reliant on the products and services of unaffiliated third parties could lead to similar compromises.  Such incidents could materially disrupt operational information systems; result in loss or unwilling publication of trade secrets or other proprietary or competitively sensitive information; compromise the privacy of personal information of consumers, employees, or others; jeopardize the security of our facilities; disrupt or degrade service or our operations; affect the 

23

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued)

performance of in-vehicle systems or services we offer; and/or impact the safety of our vehicles.  This risk exposure rises as we continue to develop and produce vehicles with increased connectivity.  Moreover, we, our suppliers, service providers, and dealers have been the target of cybersecurity incidents and such threats are continuing and evolving, which may cause cybersecurity incidents to be more difficult to detect for periods of time.  Our networks and in-vehicle systems, sharing similar architectures, could also be impacted by, or a cybersecurity incident may result from, the negligence or misconduct of insiders or third parties who have access to our networks and systems.  We employ capabilities, processes, and other security measures we believe are reasonably designed to detect, reduce, and mitigate the risk of cybersecurity incidents, and have requirements for our suppliers and service providers to do the same; however, we may not be aware of all vulnerabilities or might not accurately assess the risks of incidents, and such preventative measures cannot provide absolute security and may not be sufficient in all circumstances or mitigate all potential risks, including potential production disruption or the loss or disclosure of sensitive information.  Moreover, a cybersecurity incident could harm our reputation, cause customers to lose trust in our security measures, and/or subject us to regulatory actions or litigation, which may result in fines, penalties, judgments, or injunctions, and a cybersecurity incident involving us or one of our suppliers or service providers could impact our production, internal operations, business strategy, results of operations, financial condition, or our ability to deliver products and services to our customers.

To facilitate access to the raw materials and other components necessary for the manufacture of electrified products, Ford has entered into and may, in the future, enter into multi-year commitments to raw material and other suppliers that subject Ford to risks associated with lower future demand for such items as well as costs that fluctuate and are difficult to accurately forecast.  Our ability to manufacture electrified products is dependent upon the availability of raw materials and other components necessary for the production of batteries, e.g., lithium, cobalt, nickel.  As described in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section in Item 7 below, and elsewhere herein, to facilitate our access to such raw materials, we have entered into and we may, in the future, enter into offtake agreements and other long-term purchase contracts.  Such agreements obligate us, subject to certain conditions such as quality or minimum output, to purchase a certain percentage or minimum amount of output from raw material suppliers over an agreed upon period of time pursuant to agreed upon purchase price mechanisms that are typically based on the market price of the material at the time of delivery.

Unlike our standard arrangements with suppliers, under multi-year offtake agreements and other long-term purchase contracts, the risks associated with lower-than-expected electrified vehicle production volumes or changes in battery technology that reduce the need for certain raw materials, batteries, or their components are borne by Ford rather than our suppliers.  In the event we do not purchase the materials or components pursuant to the terms of these agreements, we may nevertheless be obligated to pay the purchase price or otherwise compensate the supplier in an amount determined by the contract or reimburse the supplier for costs or losses it incurs.  We have incurred and we may continue to incur such charges.  This may be the case even if the supplier finds another purchaser, as we may be responsible for the costs of finding the new purchaser as well as any lost revenue attributable to the replacement purchaser paying a lower price than required under the pricing mechanism in our agreement.

As a result of the competition for and limited availability of the raw materials needed for our electrified vehicle business, the costs of such materials are difficult to accurately forecast as they may fluctuate during the term of the offtake agreements and other long-term purchase contracts based on market conditions.  Accordingly, we may be subject to increases in the prices we pay for those raw materials, and our ability to recoup such costs through increased pricing to our customers may be limited.  As a result, our margins, results of operations, financial condition, and reputation may be adversely impacted by commitments we make pursuant to offtake agreements and other long-term purchase contracts.

Macroeconomic, Market, and Strategic Risks

With a global footprint and supply chain, Ford’s results and operations have been and could continue to be adversely affected by economic or geopolitical developments, including protectionist trade policies such as tariffs, or other events.  Because of the interconnectedness of the global economy, financial crises, economic downturns or recessions (including reduced consumer spending), pandemics, natural disasters, wars, social unrest, geopolitical crises, or other significant events in one market can have an immediate and material adverse impact on other markets where Ford operates.  Unprecedented trade policy (including tariffs) in the United States and foreign governments’ reactions limit our ability to conduct effective long-term planning and make capital allocation decisions.  The continued strain in U.S.-China relations presents unique risks to U.S. automakers, as does China’s unique regulatory landscape, the level of integration with key components in our global supply chain, the limited availability of various components and materials (including certain rare earth minerals and related products from China), and the rapid development of the Chinese EV industry, with Chinese electrified vehicle manufacturers exporting their products to some key markets in which we operate.

24

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued)

Changes in international trade policy can also have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or our business in general.  To the extent governments in various regions implement or intensify restrictions or barriers to trade, such as tariff or non-tariff barriers, export controls, currency manipulation, or policies that otherwise favor domestic companies, there can be a significant negative impact on manufacturers based in other markets. Steps taken by governments to implement local content requirements, restrict export and import activities, or apply or consider applying additional or new tariffs on automobiles, parts, and other products and materials have disrupted supply chains, imposed additional costs on our business, and led to other countries attempting to retaliate by imposing tariffs or other barriers, which make our products more expensive for customers, and, in turn, our products less competitive, and this trend may continue.  Tariffs implemented to date in the United States and elsewhere have caused significant disruption, increased costs, and uncertainty in the automotive industry, including for Ford, other OEMs, suppliers, and dealers, as well as customers.  Moreover, tariffs implemented or increased in the United States and elsewhere in the future may exacerbate these impacts.  The U.S. government has implemented limited tariff relief for qualifying parties based on certain criteria, which could include prospective avoidance and retroactive relief through refunds.  This relief is subject to periodic approval by the U.S. Department of Commerce and may be revised based on factors such as U.S. production and import content levels.  Although we may be entitled to relief under these programs, and we may carry a receivable on our balance sheet reflecting tariffs paid but for which we expect, but have not yet received, refunds, the timing of our receipt of these amounts (and whether we will ultimately receive a refund) is uncertain and is subject to changes in trade policy.  Accordingly, any delay in receiving the refunds could have a negative impact on our cash flow, and in the event we do not ultimately receive a refund, it could have an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations.

In addition, instability in the supply chain exacerbated by tariffs and other industry concerns, such as China’s restriction on the export of rare earth minerals and various components, has resulted in production disruptions and increased costs and heightens the risk of future production disruptions and further cost increases.  Although there is uncertainty regarding the application, scope, and duration of tariffs, those that have been implemented have had a significant adverse effect, both operationally and financially, on the overall automotive industry, Ford, and our supply chain.  Any additional tariffs or other measures that are implemented in the United States and any retaliatory tariffs or other measures or restrictions that are implemented by other governments, and the potential related market impacts, should they be sustained for an extended period of time, may have a significant adverse effect.

With operations in various markets with volatile economic or political environments and our global supply chain and utilization of transportation routes and logistics providers around the world, we are exposed to heightened risks as a result of economic, geopolitical, or other events.  This could include governmental takeover (i.e., nationalization) of our manufacturing facilities or intellectual property, restrictive exchange or import controls, changes to international trade agreements, disruption of operations as a result of systemic political or economic instability, social unrest, outbreak of war or expansion of hostilities, and acts of terrorism, each of which could impact our supply chain as well as our operations.  These events could also have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or our business in general.  Changes in trade policy may also restrict or limit the ability of logistics providers and customs brokers to process imports timely, which may delay or disrupt our operations and increase our costs.  Further, the U.S. government, other governments, and international organizations could impose additional sanctions or export controls that could restrict us from doing business directly or indirectly in or with certain countries or parties, which could include affiliates, disrupt our supply chain and production, and potentially impact the repatriation of earnings.

Ford’s new and existing products and digital, software, and physical services are subject to market acceptance and face significant competition from existing and new entrants in the automotive and digital and software services industries, and Ford’s reputation may be harmed based on positions it takes or if it is unable to achieve the initiatives it has announced.  Although we conduct extensive market research before launching new or refreshed products and introducing new services, many factors both within and outside our control affect the success of new or existing products and services in the marketplace, and we may not be able to accurately predict or identify emerging trends or preferences or the success of new products or services in the market.  It takes years to design and develop a new vehicle or change an existing vehicle.  Because customers’ preferences may change quickly, our new and existing products may not generate sales in sufficient quantities and at costs low enough to be profitable and recoup investment costs.  Offering products and services that customers want and value can mitigate the risks of increasing price competition, price sensitive customers, and declining demand, but products and services that are perceived to be less desirable (whether in terms of price, quality, styling, safety, overall value, fuel efficiency, or other attributes) can exacerbate these risks.  For example, if we are unable to differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors in a manner that appeals to customers, develop innovative new products and services, or sufficiently tailor our products and services to customers in other markets, there could be insufficient demand for our products and services, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations.  Insufficient demand for our products may also result in higher inventory levels, which may lead to downward pricing pressure, or reduced 

25

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued)

manufacturing efficiencies, which may reduce margins.  In the event of a shortage of available products, customers may elect to purchase from our competitors and may not return to Ford in the future.

With increased consumer interconnectedness through the internet, social media, and other media, mere allegations relating to quality, safety, reliability, fuel efficiency, sustainability, corporate social responsibility, or other key attributes can negatively impact our reputation or market acceptance of our products or services, even where such allegations prove to be inaccurate or unfounded.  Further, our ability to successfully grow through capacity expansion and investments in the areas of electrification, connectivity, digital and physical services, and software services depends on many factors, including advancements in technology, regulatory changes (e.g., new or revised government mandates and incentives), infrastructure development (e.g., a widespread vehicle charging network), and other factors that are difficult to predict, that have affected and may continue to affect significantly the future of electrified vehicles, autonomous and driver assistance technologies, digital and physical services, and software services.  The automotive, software, and digital service businesses are very competitive and change rapidly.  Traditional competitors are expanding their offerings, and new types of competitors (particularly in our areas of strength, e.g., pickup trucks, utilities, and commercial vehicles) that may possess superior technology, may have business models with certain aspects that are more efficient, are not subject to the same level of fixed costs as us, and/or have the support of domestic government mandates that advantage them and hinder our ability to compete, are entering the market.  For example, Chinese electrified vehicle producers are exporting their products to some key markets in which we operate.  This level of competition necessitates that we invest in and integrate emerging technologies into our business and increases the importance of our ability to anticipate, develop, and deliver products and services that customers desire on a timely basis, in quantities in line with demand, with the quality they expect, and at costs low enough to be profitable.  Moreover, if we do not meet customer expectations for quickly and effectively addressing and remedying issues that may develop with or that improve our products and services, e.g., successfully delivering OTA updates, it would have an adverse effect on our business.

Although we recently scaled back our EV investments to redeploy that capital to other areas of the business, we intend to continue making significant investments in electrification and software services.  Our plans continue to include offering electrified versions of many of our vehicles as well as solely electric nameplates, although we have observed lower than initially anticipated industrywide EV adoption rates.  Low EV adoption rates may persist, including as a result of the regulatory framework in various markets shifting away from supporting the adoption of electrified vehicles (as was the case in the United States in 2025); any negative perception of our electrified vehicles or EVs in general; an inability to or delay in developing or embracing new technologies or processes; or shifts in consumer preference.  As a result, there has been, and could in the future be, an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.  Further, as discussed elsewhere herein, lower than planned market acceptance of our vehicles may impact our strategy to comply with fuel economy standards in certain markets.

Ford is addressing its impact on climate change aligned with the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (Paris Agreement) by working to reduce our carbon footprint over time across our vehicles, operations, and supply chain.  We have announced interim emissions targets approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (“SBTi”) and made other statements about similar initiatives.  As we navigate a complex global environment and align with the normal SBTi five-year target review process, we are reassessing our near-term decarbonization strategy and putting great emphasis on public choice.  Achievement of these initiatives will require significant investments and the implementation of new processes; however, there is no assurance that the desired outcomes will be achieved.  To the extent we are unable to achieve these initiatives, it may harm our reputation or we may not otherwise receive the expected return on the investment.  For example, we are exposed to reputational risk if we do not reduce vehicle CO2 emissions in line with our targets or in compliance with applicable regulations.  Further, our customers, investors, and other stakeholders evaluate how well we are progressing on our announced climate goals and aspirations, and if we are not on track to achieve those goals and aspirations on a timely basis, or if the expectations of our customers and investors change and we do not adequately address their expectations, our reputation could be impacted, and customers may choose to purchase the products and services of, investors may choose to invest in, and suppliers and vendors may choose to do business with other companies.  Other parties may object to the positions we have or are perceived to have taken and may, in the future, take or be perceived to take on sustainability, social, or other issues, or in the event we change our position on such issues, which may result in a loss of customers, a boycott of our products or services, litigation, investigations, information requests, or other actions that may impact not only our brand and reputation but also our results of operations, financial condition, and the price of our Common Stock.

Moreover, new offerings, including those related to electrified vehicles and autonomous driving technologies, may present technological challenges that could be costly to implement and overcome and have subjected us and may continue to subject us to customer claims, government investigations, and recalls of our vehicles if they do not operate as anticipated.  In addition, since new technologies are subject to market acceptance, a malfunction involving any 

26

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued)

manufacturer’s vehicle using autonomous or driver assist technologies may negatively impact the perception of such technologies and erode customer trust.

Ford may face increased price competition for its products and services, including pricing pressure resulting from industry excess capacity, currency fluctuations, competitive actions, legal and policy changes, or economic or other factors, particularly for electrified vehicles.  The global automotive industry is intensely competitive, with installed manufacturing capacity generally exceeding current demand.  Historically, industry overcapacity has resulted in many manufacturers offering marketing incentives on vehicles in an attempt to maintain and grow market share; these incentives historically have included a combination of subsidized financing or leasing programs, price rebates and reductions, and other incentives.  As a result, we are not necessarily able to set our prices to offset higher marketing incentives, commodity or other cost increases, tariffs, or the impact of adverse currency fluctuations.  This risk includes cost advantages foreign competitors may have because of their weaker home market currencies, which may, in turn, enable those competitors to offer their products at lower prices.  Further, higher inventory levels put downward pressure on pricing, which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Although we are investing in our EV strategy, we anticipate that the EV market will continue to evolve.  To date, we have observed lower-than-anticipated industrywide EV adoption rates due to changes in consumer sentiment, competitive dynamics, legal and policy changes, and significant developments in vehicle pricing dynamics, among other factors that we continue to monitor.  This environment has led us, and may in the future lead us, to adjust our investments, spending, production, and product and future technology launches to better match the pace of EV adoption.  The trend may be further exacerbated as recent policy changes in the United States have reduced or eliminated supply- and demand-side EV incentives, which may further slow the adoption of EVs.  As a result of the lower-than-anticipated adoption rates, near-term pricing pressures, and other factors, we have recorded and may continue to incur charges related to payments to our EV-related suppliers (battery, raw material, or otherwise), inventory adjustments, impairments, or other matters.  Significant unexpected changes in the EV demand environment have led, and may in the future lead, to incremental competitive pricing actions.  Battery costs remain high, which is detrimental to EVs reaching pricing parity with ICE vehicles and further exacerbates the pricing pressures on EVs.  Furthermore, given our existing and continued investment in battery production, if we are unable to operate battery facilities at their expected capacity because EV adoption rates or the demand for such batteries is lower-than-anticipated or otherwise, we may be unable to recoup our investments.

Conversely, should EV adoption rates increase again in the future, the risk of excess capacity, particularly for internal combustion engine trucks and utilities, may be exacerbated.  This excess capacity may further increase price competition in that segment of the market, which could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

Inflationary pressure and fluctuations in commodity and energy prices, foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and market value of Ford or Ford Credit’s investments, including marketable securities, can have a significant effect on results.  We and our suppliers are exposed to inflationary pressure and a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in commodity and energy prices, foreign currency exchange rates, and interest rates.  We monitor and attempt to manage these exposures as an integral part of our overall risk management program, which recognizes the unpredictability of markets and seeks to reduce potentially adverse effects on our business.  Changes in commodity and energy prices (from tariffs, geopolitical developments, or otherwise), currency exchange rates, and interest rates cannot always be predicted, hedged, or offset with price increases to eliminate earnings volatility.  As a result, significant changes in commodity and energy prices, foreign currency exchange rates, or interest rates as well as increased material, freight, logistics, and similar costs could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.  See Item 7 and Item 7A for additional discussion of currency, commodity and energy price, and interest rate risks.  These market forces have caused us to incur higher material costs, which may continue, and our warranty costs have increased, in part, due to inflationary cost pressures at our dealers.  Moreover, due to inflationary pressure, some of our suppliers have submitted claims to us for reimbursement of costs beyond our original agreed terms.  Upon receipt, we evaluate those claims, and, in certain circumstances, we have made payments to our suppliers, and this trend may continue.  Further, despite some recent rate cuts, over the last several years interest rates have increased significantly as central banks in developed countries attempt to subdue inflation, and, as inflation risks remain elevated, there is no assurance that interest rates will ultimately return to their prior low levels.  At the same time, government deficits and debt remain at high levels in many global markets.  Elevated interest rates would make government debt more expensive to finance, and in that environment, businesses would face a higher cost of capital, impacting capital intensive businesses such as Ford.  At Ford Credit, a high interest rate environment may impact Ford Credit’s ability to source funding and offer financing at competitive rates, which could reduce its financing margin.  In addition, our results are impacted by fluctuations in the market value of our investments, with unrealized gains and losses that could be material in any period.

27

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued)

Ford’s results are dependent on sales of larger, more profitable vehicles, particularly in the United States.  A shift in consumer preferences away from larger, more profitable vehicles with internal combustion engines (including trucks and utilities) to other vehicles in our portfolio that may be less profitable could result in an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.  Despite recent trends, if demand for electrified vehicles grows at a rate greater than our plan or ability to increase our production capacity for those vehicles, lower market share and revenue, as well as facility and other asset-related charges (e.g., accelerated depreciation) associated with the production of internal combustion vehicles, may result.  In addition, government regulations aimed at reducing emissions and increasing fuel efficiency (e.g., ZEV mandates and low emission zones) and other factors that accelerate the transition to EVs in various markets may increase the cost of vehicles by more than the perceived benefit to consumers and dampen margins.  Moreover, governmental restrictions on the sale, purchase, or use of internal combustion engine vehicles (e.g., city access restrictions) may limit our ability to sell some of our more profitable vehicles in various markets.

While a suspension or disruption of our manufacturing operations at any facility could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow, such an occurrence at one of our facilities where our larger, more profitable vehicles are produced, or in the event a launch is delayed or a stop ship is initiated for those vehicles, the impact may be particularly significant.

Industry sales volume can be volatile and could decline if there is a financial crisis, recession, public health emergency, or significant geopolitical event.  Because we, like other manufacturers, have a higher proportion of fixed structural costs, relatively small changes in industry sales volume can have a substantial effect on our cash flow and results of operations.  Vehicle sales are affected by overall economic and market conditions (e.g., the level of interest rates and tariffs; the impact of higher-than-anticipated inflation on vehicle affordability), consumer sentiment and behavior, and other trends such as shared vehicle ownership and ridesharing services.  If industry vehicle sales were to decline to levels significantly below our planning assumption, the decline could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow.  For a discussion of economic trends, see Item 7.

Financial Risks

The impact of government incentives on Ford’s business has been and could continue to be significant, and Ford’s receipt of government incentives could be subject to reduction, termination, or clawback.  We receive economic benefits from national, state, and local governments in various regions of the world in the form of incentives designed to encourage manufacturers to establish, maintain, or increase investment, workforce, or production.  These incentives may take various forms, including grants, forgivable loans and loan subsidies, or tax abatements or credits.  The impact of these incentives can be significant in a particular market during a reporting period.  A decrease in, expiration without renewal of, or other cessation or clawback of government incentives for any of our operations or that impact consumers of our products and services (e.g., the termination of U.S. tax credits intended to incentivize the purchase of EVs), as a result of administrative decision or otherwise, has had and could in the future have a substantial adverse impact on the operation of our business, financial condition, or results of operations.  Further, we may lose or be required to repay incentives or forgivable loans as a result of a change we make to our business strategy, e.g., if we elect not to proceed with a previously planned program or project or do not create as many jobs as initially anticipated.

For example, until 2021, most of our manufacturing facilities in South America were located in Brazil, where the state or federal governments historically offered significant incentives to manufacturers to encourage capital investment, increase manufacturing production, and create jobs.  As a result, the performance of our South American operations had been impacted favorably by government incentives to a substantial extent.  The federal government in Brazil has levied assessments against us concerning the federal incentives we previously received, and the State of São Paulo has challenged the grant to us of tax incentives by the State of Bahia.  See Note 2 of the Notes to the Financial Statements for a discussion of our accounting for government incentives, and “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” for a discussion of tax proceedings in Brazil, the collateral we have posted related to those proceedings, and the potential requirement for us to post additional collateral.

Additionally, as noted above, U.S. federal tax incentives for purchasers of plug-in vehicles have changed in recent years.  In 2022, Congress established these incentives and many retail and commercial vehicle purchasers were eligible for a tax credit of up to $7,500 per vehicle, increasing market demand for plug-in vehicles.  Further, to make vehicles eligible for the tax incentive for retail purchasers, Ford and other manufacturers structured battery supply chains to comply with the “foreign entity of concern” criteria, which were aimed at reducing dependence on China and companies based in or operating in China.  In 2025, Congress eliminated these credits, ending the incentives for purchasers and likewise changing the business rationale to use and create battery supply chains with less control by China.

28

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued)

The 2025 legislation preserved the advanced manufacturing production tax credit for the domestic manufacture of batteries and battery components (first established in the 2022 legislation), but restricted the eligibility criteria going forward, most notably by imposing criteria for “prohibited foreign entities,” which concern China and other countries.  As a manufacturer that intends to engage in large-scale production of batteries in the United States for vehicles and energy storage, this tax credit influences our decisions concerning the location, scale, supply chain, and operations of our domestic battery manufacturing business.  Such decisions involve substantial lead time, and it may take years before Ford can satisfy any new or changed eligibility criteria.  Accordingly, the termination of or a change to such incentives could have a significant impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or the operation of our business.

Ford and Ford Credit’s access to debt, securitization, or derivative markets around the world at competitive rates or in sufficient amounts could be affected by credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, regulatory requirements, asset portfolios, or other factors.  Ford and Ford Credit’s ability to obtain unsecured funding at a reasonable cost is dependent on their credit ratings or their perceived creditworthiness.  Further, Ford Credit’s ability to obtain securitized funding under its committed asset-backed liquidity programs and certain other asset-backed securitization transactions is subject to having a sufficient amount of assets eligible for these programs, as well as Ford Credit’s ability to obtain appropriate credit ratings for those transactions and, for certain committed programs, derivatives to manage the interest rate risk.  Over time, and particularly in the event of credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, or other factors, Ford Credit may reduce the amount of receivables it purchases or originates because of funding constraints.  In addition, Ford Credit may reduce the amount of receivables it purchases or originates if there is a significant decline in the demand for the types of securities it offers or Ford Credit is unable to obtain derivatives to manage the interest rate risk associated with its securitization transactions.  A significant reduction in the amount of receivables Ford Credit purchases or originates would significantly reduce its ongoing results of operations and could adversely affect its ability to support the sale of Ford vehicles.

An increasing interest rate environment may have an adverse effect on borrowing costs for Ford Credit, making it more expensive to fund our operations or leading to higher rates charged to our customers if these costs are passed on.

Ford Credit could experience higher-than-expected credit losses, lower-than-anticipated residual values, or higher-than-expected return volumes for leased vehicles.  Credit risk is the possibility of loss from a customer’s or dealer’s failure to make payments according to contract terms.  Credit risk (which is heavily dependent upon economic factors including unemployment, consumer debt service burden, personal income growth, dealer profitability, and used car prices) has a significant impact on Ford Credit’s business.  The level of credit losses Ford Credit may experience could exceed its expectations and adversely affect its financial condition or results of operations.  In addition, Ford Credit projects expected residual values (including residual value support payments from Ford) and return volumes for the vehicles it leases.  Actual proceeds realized by Ford Credit upon the sale of returned leased vehicles at lease termination may be lower than the amount projected, which would reduce Ford Credit’s return on the lease transaction.  Among the factors that can affect the value of returned lease vehicles are the volume and mix of vehicles returned industrywide, economic conditions, marketing programs, and quality or perceived quality, safety, fuel efficiency, or reliability of the vehicles, or changes in propulsion technology and related legislative or regulatory changes.  Actual return volumes may be influenced by these factors, as well as by contractual lease-end values relative to auction values.  If auction values decrease significantly in the future, return volumes could exceed Ford Credit’s expectations.  Each of these factors, alone or in combination, has the potential to adversely affect Ford Credit’s results of operations if actual results were to differ significantly from Ford Credit’s projections.  See “Critical Accounting Estimates” in Item 7 for additional discussion.

Economic and demographic experience for pension and OPEB plans (e.g., discount rates or investment returns) could be worse than Ford has assumed.  The measurement of our obligations, costs, and liabilities associated with benefits pursuant to our pension and OPEB plans requires that we estimate the present value of projected future payments to all participants.  We use many assumptions in calculating these estimates, including assumptions related to discount rates, investment returns on designated plan assets, and demographic experience (e.g., mortality and retirement rates).  We generally remeasure these estimates at each year end and recognize any gains or losses associated with changes to our plan assets and liabilities in the year incurred.  To the extent actual results are less favorable than our assumptions, we may recognize a remeasurement loss in our results, which could be substantial.  For additional information regarding our assumptions, see “Critical Accounting Estimates” in Item 7 and Note 16 of the Notes to the Financial Statements.

29

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued)

Pension and other postretirement liabilities could adversely affect Ford’s liquidity and financial condition.  We have defined benefit retirement plans in the United States that cover many of our hourly and salaried employees.  We also provide pension benefits to non-U.S. employees and retirees, primarily in Europe.  In addition, we sponsor plans to provide OPEB for retired employees (primarily health care and life insurance benefits).  See Note 16 of the Notes to the Financial Statements for more information about these plans.  These benefit plans impose significant liabilities on us and could require us to make additional cash contributions, which could impair our liquidity.  If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to meet any pension or OPEB obligations, we could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, suspend dividend payments, seek additional capital, or restructure or refinance our indebtedness.

Legal and Regulatory Risks

Ford and Ford Credit have experienced and could continue to experience unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations, or adverse publicity arising out of alleged defects in products, services, perceived environmental impacts, or otherwise.  We spend substantial resources to comply with governmental safety regulations, environmental regulatory obligations concerning our products and operations, consumer and automotive financial regulations, labor and employment regulations and practices, and other standards, but we have experienced employees, contractors, agents, and other individuals affiliated with us violating such laws or regulations from time to time, which at times has resulted in civil or criminal liability, and we cannot ensure that any such violations have not occurred or will not occur in the future, which may further result in civil or criminal liability.  In addition, as discussed more fully elsewhere herein, the adoption of new regulations or executive orders, modifications to existing regulations, changes to interpretations of those regulations, and changes to enforcement priorities and directives of various governmental agencies, sometimes on short notice, may impact our compliance status.

Government investigations against Ford or Ford Credit have resulted in, and may in the future result in, fines, penalties, orders, customer remuneration, or other resolutions, through litigation, administrative proceedings, settlement, or otherwise, which have in the past had, and could in the future have, an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or the operation of our business, including oversight by regulators or a government-appointed monitor or independent third party.  For example, as part of a consent order we entered into with NHTSA in 2024, we have retained an independent third party selected by NHTSA to assess the Company’s adherence to the consent order and Safety Act over the term of the consent order and to report on Ford’s progress to NHTSA.

Moreover, compliance with governmental standards does not necessarily prevent individual or class action lawsuits, which can entail significant cost and risk, in addition to defending litigation and claims concerning instances of alleged non-compliance.  In certain circumstances, courts may permit civil actions even where our products, services, and financial products comply with federal and/or other applicable law.  Furthermore, simply responding to actual or threatened litigation, government investigations, subpoenas, or information requests concerning our compliance with regulatory standards, whether related to our products, services, or business or commercial relationships, requires significant expenditures of time and other resources and may be disruptive to our operations.  Litigation also is inherently uncertain, and we have in the past experienced, and could in the future experience, significant adverse results, including compensatory and punitive damage awards, a disgorgement of profits or revenue, or injunctive relief, any of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or our business in general, particularly with larger jury verdicts becoming more prevalent.  We may decide to settle a matter in anticipation of or during litigation, which may require a monetary or non-monetary payment, a change to our business practices (e.g., to undertake or cease a particular activity), or other remedies.  However, a settlement on acceptable terms may not always be feasible.  Furthermore, regulatory investigations and litigation, including class actions, are becoming more prevalent in some international markets, potentially leading to increasing fines, damage awards, and settlement costs.  While we have an insurance program that provides coverage for certain claims, it may not be sufficient to cover the losses incurred.  In addition, adverse publicity surrounding an allegation, litigation, or investigation, even if there is no merit to the matter, may cause significant reputational harm or create a negative public perception of our products and services, which could have a significant adverse effect on our sales.

Ford may need to substantially modify its product plans and facilities to respond to shifting consumer sentiment and competitive dynamics as a result of policy changes affecting, or otherwise to comply with, safety, emissions, fuel economy, autonomous driving technology, environmental, and other regulations.  The automotive industry is subject to regulations worldwide that govern product characteristics and that differ by global region, country, and sometimes within national boundaries.  Regulators have enacted and are proposing standards to address concerns regarding the environment (including concerns about global climate change and air quality), vehicle safety, and energy independence, and the regulatory landscape can change on short notice.  These regulations vary, but generally require that over time motor vehicles and engines emit less air pollution, including GHG emissions, oxides of nitrogen, 

30

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued)

hydrocarbons, carbon monoxide, and particulate matter, and there are associated increased reporting requirements.  Similarly, we are making substantial investments in our facilities and revising our processes to not only comply with applicable regulations but also to make our operations more efficient and sustainable.  As our suppliers make similar investments, any higher costs may be passed on to us.  In the United States, legal and policy debates on environmental regulations are continuing, with a recent primary trend toward rescinding federal and state regulations aimed at reducing GHG emissions and increasing vehicle electrification.  However, different federal administrations have either sought to make standards more strict or to make them less strict, with one administration often replacing the regulations enacted by the last.  Various third parties routinely seek judicial review of these federal regulatory and deregulatory efforts.  In parallel, California continues to enact increasingly strict emissions standards and requirements for ZEVs (standards that some other states are adopting), and those actions are also the subject of legal challenges.  In 2025, federal legislation, which is currently subject to challenge, eliminated the authority of California and other states to implement and enforce most of their standards and ZEV sales requirements.  Court rulings regarding regulatory actions by federal, California, and other state regulators create uncertainty and the potential for applicable regulatory standards to change quickly.  Volatility in government regulations regarding emissions and safety creates an environment where companies such as Ford must focus on near-term issues, which challenges our ability to develop and implement long-term plans for compliance and our business in general.  In addition, many governments regulate local product content or impose import requirements with the aim of creating jobs, protecting domestic producers, and influencing the balance of payments.

We regularly refine our product cycle plan to improve the fuel economy of our internal combustion vehicles and to offer more propulsion choices, such as hybrid and electrified vehicles, that generate lower GHG emissions.  Electrification, including hybrids, plug-in hybrids, EREVs, and battery electric vehicles, is core to our global strategy to comply with current and anticipated environmental laws and regulations in major markets.  However, there are limits to our ability to reduce emissions and increase fuel economy over given time frames and many factors that could delay or impede our plans.  Those factors primarily relate to the cost and effectiveness of available technologies; consumer acceptance of new technologies and their costs; changes in industrial policy, including incentives for electrified vehicles and battery manufacturing and requirements for battery supply chains; changes in trade policy, which may affect the profitability of certain products; changes in vehicle mix (as described in more detail elsewhere herein); the appropriateness (or lack thereof) of certain technologies for use in particular vehicles; the widespread availability (or lack thereof) of supporting infrastructure for new technologies, including charging for electrified vehicles; the availability (or lack thereof) of the raw materials and component supply to make affordable batteries and other elements of electrified vehicles; and the human, engineering, and financial resources necessary to deploy new technologies across a wide range of products and powertrains in a short time.  If fuel prices are relatively low and market conditions or the consumer attributes of our vehicles do not lead consumers to purchase electrified vehicles and other highly fuel-efficient vehicles in sufficient numbers, it may be difficult to meet applicable environmental standards in various markets and may constrain our ability to sell internal combustion engine vehicles, including some of the more profitable vehicles in our portfolio.  Our obligations under the regulatory compliance credit purchase agreements we have entered into, including the ultimate number of credits we may purchase under those agreements, are dependent on the sellers’ delivery of the credits.  If the seller under a credit purchase agreement does not deliver the credits contracted for, it may cause us to be out of compliance with emissions standards or other requirements.  Such noncompliance may result in fines, penalties, or other costs, and/or we may need to modify our product plans and be unable to sell certain products.  In the event we are obligated to purchase credits under those agreements, the cash impact of such purchases may be significant.  In addition, we have written off, and may in the future write off, compliance credits we are no longer able to use as a result of legal and policy changes.    

Moreover, the rates of EV growth, production disruptions, stop ships, supply chain limitations, lower-than-planned market acceptance of our vehicles, and/or other circumstances may cause us to modify product plans, or, in some cases, purchase credits, which we have done, in order to comply with emissions standards, fuel economy standards, or ZEV requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and cause reputational harm.

Increased scrutiny of automaker emission compliance by regulators around the world has led to new regulations, more stringent enforcement programs, additional field actions, demands for reporting on the field performance of emissions components and higher scrutiny of field data, and delays in regulatory approvals.  The cost to comply with government regulations concerning new vehicle standards and in-use vehicle requirements, including field service actions, is substantial.  New, additional, and changing regulations, regulatory interpretations, legislation, executive orders, directives, and enforcement priorities, or changes in consumer preferences that affect vehicle mix, as well as any non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, which, in some jurisdictions, may include criminal liability due to the absence of civil or administrative enforcement regimes, could have a substantial adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, operations, or reputation.  In addition, a number of governments, as well as non-governmental organizations, publicly assess vehicles to their own protocols.  Any negative perception regarding the performance of our vehicles subjected to such tests could reduce future sales.  Court decisions arising out of consumer 

31

Item 1A. Risk Factors (Continued)

and investor litigation could give rise to de facto changes in the interpretation of existing emission laws and regulations, thereby imposing new burdens on manufacturers.  For more discussion of the impact of standards on our global business, see the “Governmental Standards” discussion in “Item 1. Business” above.

We and other companies continue to develop autonomous vehicle and driver assist technologies, and the U.S. and foreign governments are continuing to develop the regulatory framework that will govern autonomous vehicles and related technologies.  Governmental restrictions on such technologies may limit our ability to provide these features to consumers, and manufacturers are facing increased scrutiny from regulators at the state and federal level on system misuse by customers, feature capabilities, and whether advertising for this technology contains false or misleading information.  Some states are developing their own regulations that impact the testing and design of autonomous vehicles.  This patchwork approach without federal guidance may subject Ford to additional compliance costs.  Further, autonomous vehicle and driver assist technologies continue to be scrutinized by the government and consumers, and actual or perceived failures or misuse of these technologies and features have led to government investigations and inquiries, including of Ford, which has responded to information requests from NHTSA and the National Transportation Safety Board about our BlueCruise system.  We and other OEMs are required to report to NHTSA crashes that meet NHTSA-defined criteria and occur when certain advanced driver assistance system features are in use.  Such events involving our vehicles and technologies could require safety recalls and/or subject us to fines, penalties, damages, investigations, and reputational harm.  In addition, the demand for these services by consumers is fluctuating as the technology is rolled out in various stages and with mixed industry results.

Ford and Ford Credit could be affected by the continued development of more stringent privacy, data use, data protection, data access, and artificial intelligence laws and regulations as well as consumers’ heightened expectations to safeguard their personal information.  We are subject to laws, rules, guidelines from privacy and other regulators, and regulations in the United States and other countries relating to the collection, use, transfer, and security of data and the personal information of consumers, employees, or others, including laws that may require us to notify regulators and affected individuals of a data security incident.  Such laws, rules, and regulations, also apply to our vendors and/or may hold us liable for any violations by our vendors.  Existing and newly developed laws and regulations may apply broadly to our operations within the relevant jurisdiction, are subject to change and uncertain interpretations by courts and regulators, and may be inconsistent across jurisdictions.  Accordingly, complying with such laws and regulations may lead to a decline in consumer engagement or cause us to incur substantial costs to modify our operations or business practices.  Moreover, regulatory actions seeking to impose significant financial penalties for noncompliance and/or legal actions (including pursuant to laws providing for private rights of action by consumers) could be brought against us in the event of a data compromise, misuse of consumer information, or perceived or actual non-compliance with data protection, data access, privacy, or artificial intelligence requirements.  The rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may intensify these risks.  Further, any unauthorized release of personal information could harm our reputation, disrupt our business, cause us to expend significant resources, and lead to a loss of consumer confidence resulting in an adverse impact on our business and/or consumers deciding to withhold or withdraw consent for our collection or use of data.

Ford Credit could be subject to new or increased credit regulations, consumer protection regulations, or other regulations.  As a finance company, Ford Credit is highly regulated by governmental authorities in the locations in which it operates, which can impose significant additional costs and/or restrictions on its business.  In the United States, for example, Ford Credit’s operations are subject to regulation and supervision under various federal, state, and local laws, including the federal Truth-in-Lending Act, Consumer Leasing Act, Equal Credit Opportunity Act, and Fair Credit Reporting Act.

The Dodd-Frank Act directs federal agencies to adopt rules to regulate the finance industry and the capital markets and gives the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”) broad rule-making and enforcement authority for a wide range of consumer financial protection laws that regulate consumer finance businesses, such as Ford Credit’s automotive financing business.  Exercise of these powers by the CFPB may increase the costs of, impose additional restrictions on, or otherwise adversely affect companies in the automotive finance business.  The CFPB has authority to supervise and examine the largest nonbank automotive finance companies, such as Ford Credit, for compliance with consumer financial protection laws.

Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject Ford Credit to regulatory enforcement actions, including consent orders or similar orders where Ford Credit may be required to revise practices, remunerate customers, or pay fines.  An enforcement action against Ford Credit or publicity around even an allegation that Ford Credit has not complied with applicable laws or regulations could harm Ford Credit’s reputation or lead to further litigation.  Moreover, in response to audits, inspections, or investigations conducted by regulatory authorities, Ford Credit has in the past modified and may in the future modify its operations or take other actions, such as remunerating customers.