Item 1C—Cybersecurity

Risk Management and Global Strategy

We have implemented processes, technologies, and controls to seek to assess, identify, and manage risks associated with cybersecurity threats. Management considers cybersecurity risks within our overall approach to enterprise risk management. We evaluate these risks based on several frameworks, including the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework (CSF), Center for Internet Security (CIS) 18 Critical Security Controls, and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. Our governance policies, including our Information Security Policy, outline high-level objectives designed to meet compliance and regulatory requirements.

We undertake regular NIST CSF and CIS 18 Critical Security Controls assessments, conducted by a third-party, to measure program maturity. We have implemented a variety of technologies, leveraging third-party security providers for some, and engage in multiple activities to seek to identify and mitigate vulnerabilities and risks in systems. These include, among other activities, scanning for common vulnerabilities and exposures, penetration tests on internal and external networks, code scans on applications, allowed application listing, configuration management tools, employee awareness and training, and internal and external audits. We also review with various frequencies and on a risk-based priority select third parties with whom we do business, in an effort to reduce the likelihood of security 

incidents or business interruptions. We maintain cybersecurity insurance that would apply to certain losses arising from significant security incidents.

We maintain a security operations center, supported by external providers and our employees, which provides threat detection and incident response capabilities. We maintain cyber incident response plans and related playbooks in coordination with stakeholders (including legal counsel). Significant incidents will be escalated to a Cybersecurity Materiality Committee to assess materiality based on qualitative and quantitative factors. The Committee is composed of a cross-divisional group of executives representing the core business functions of Information Technology and Security, Operations, Administration, Finance and Accounting, and Legal. We conduct periodic tabletop exercises, including at the executive level, to review our response processes and incident management procedures.

Governance

Our Board of Directors has delegated certain responsibilities to the Audit Committee of the Board. The Audit Committee reviews and discusses with management the identification and mitigation of cybersecurity risks, including (among other things) the effectiveness of risk-management policies and practices designed to help safeguard our operations, financial systems, and data. Our Chief Information and Digital Officer (CIDO) and his executive team, including the Vice President of Information Security and Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), present cybersecurity-related topics, including program maturity progress, regularly to the Audit Committee. The Internal Audit team, in its periodic compliance and risk assessment updates to the Audit Committee, also reports on its reviews of certain of our cybersecurity risk exposures, controls, and management actions. The full Board also receives cybersecurity evaluations from time to time.

Our information security organization is led by the CISO. The CISO is responsible for all aspects of our cybersecurity program, including cybersecurity engineering and architecture, cybersecurity operations, incident response, threat intelligence, identity and access management, cybersecurity risk and compliance, and vulnerability management. Our former CISO left the Company in June 2025, and we are actively sourcing a qualified replacement. In the interim, our Deputy CISO, who has over 20 years of cybersecurity and leadership experience, is managing the CISO responsibilities. The CISO position reports to our CIDO, who has more than 30 years experience in which he has led global digital responsibilities, including leading global cyber teams. Our CIDO reports to the Chief Executive Officer.

Risks from Material Cybersecurity Threats

We and our third-party service and merchandise providers have experienced cybersecurity incidents and threats. Based on the information available as of the date of this Form 10-K, we are not aware of any risks from actual cybersecurity incidents that have materially affected us or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. It is possible that there have been intrusions into our systems that have not been identified by our controls and procedures and that might manifest in significant events at a later time. There can be no guarantee that the actions and controls we and our third-party service providers have implemented and are implementing will be sufficient to protect our systems, information or other property. See “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of this Form 10-K for more information on our cybersecurity-related risks.