Item 1A. Risk Factors 13 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 13 Item 2. Properties 13 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 13 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 13 PART II 13 Item 5. Market For Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 13 Item 6. [Reserved] 14 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 14 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 22 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data F-1 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 23 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 23 Item 9B. Other Information 23 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 24 PART III 24 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 24 Item 11. Executive Compensation 25 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 25 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 25 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 25 PART IV 25 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 25 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 27 INFORMATION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not statements of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: the expected impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business; our business strategy, including our intended level of investment in research and development and marketing activities; our expectations with respect to earnings, gross margins and sales growth, industry relationships, marketing strategies and international sales; estimated sizes of markets into which our products are or may be sold; our business strengths and competitive advantages; our ability to grow additional sales distribution channels; our intent to retain any earnings for use in operations rather than paying dividends; our expectation that our products will continue to qualify for reimbursement and payment under government and private insurance programs; our intellectual property plans and practices; the expected impact of applicable regulations on our business; our beliefs about our manufacturing processes; our expectations and beliefs with respect to our employees and our relationships with them; our belief that our current facilities are adequate to support our growth plans; our expectations with respect to ongoing compliance with the terms of our credit facility; our expectations regarding the ongoing availability of credit and our ability to renew our line of credit; enhancements to our products and services; expected excise tax exemption for the SmartVest System; and our anticipated revenues, expenses, capital requirements and liquidity. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “ongoing,” “plan,” “potential,” “project,” “goal,” “target,” “should,” “will,” “would,” and similar expressions, including the negative of these terms, are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Although we believe these forward-looking statements are reasonable, they involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected by such statements. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results or our industry’s actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: ● the duration, extent and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, including its effects on our business, operations and employees as well as its impact on our customers and distribution channels and on economies and markets more generally; ● ability to obtain reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid, or private insurance payers for our products including potential adverse impact with an expiration of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services waiver for certain respiratory diseases; ● component or raw material shortages, changes to lead times or significant price increases ● adverse changes to state and federal health care regulations; ● our ability to develop new sales channels for our products such as the home care distributor channel; ● our ability to maintain regulatory compliance and to gain future regulatory approvals and clearances; ● entry of new competitors including new drug or pharmaceutical discoveries; ● adverse economic and business conditions or intense competition; ● wage and component price inflation; ● technical problems with our research and products; ● changes affecting the medical device industry; ● adverse international health care regulation impacting current international business; ● our ability to renew our line of credit or obtain additional credit as necessary; ● our ability to protect and expand our intellectual property portfolio; ● the risks associated with cyberattacks, data breaches, computer viruses and other similar security threats; and ● the risks associated with our planned sales force expansion. This list of factors is not exhaustive, however, and these or other factors, many of which are outside of our control, could have a material adverse effect on us and our results of operations. Therefore, you should consider these risk factors with caution and form your own critical and independent conclusions about the likely effect of these risk factors on our future performance. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which the statements are made, and we undertake no obligation, and expressly disclaim any such obligation, to update any forward-looking statement for any reason other than as required by law, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future. You should carefully review the disclosures and the risk factors described in this and other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth herein. PART I Item 1. Business. Overview Electromed, Inc. (“we,” “our,” “us,” “Electromed” or the “Company”) develops, manufactures, markets and sells innovative products that provide airway clearance therapy, including the SmartVest ® Airway Clearance System (“SmartVest System”) and related products, to patients with compromised pulmonary function with a commitment to excellence and compassionate service. Our goal is to make High Frequency Chest Wall Oscillation (“HFCWO”) treatments as effective, convenient, and comfortable as possible, so our patients can breathe easier and live better with improved respiratory function and fewer exacerbations. We employ a direct-to-patient and provider model, through which we obtain patient referrals from clinicians, manage insurance claims on behalf of our patients, and deliver the SmartVest System to patients, training them on proper use in their homes. This model allows us to directly approach patients and clinicians, whereby we disintermediate the traditional durable medical equipment (“DME”) channel and capture both the manufacturer and distributor margins. We also sell our products in the acute care setting for patients in a post-surgical or intensive care unit, or who were admitted for a lung infection brought on by compromised airway clearance. Electromed was incorporated in Minnesota in 1992. Our common stock is listed on the NYSE American under the ticker symbol “ELMD.” The SmartVest System features a programmable air pulse generator, a therapy garment worn over the upper body and a connecting hose, which together provide safe, comfortable, and effective airway clearance therapy. The SmartVest System generates HFCWO, an airway clearance therapy. One factor of respiratory health is the ability to clear secretions from airways. Impaired airway clearance, when mucus cannot be expectorated, may result in labored breathing and/or inflammatory and immune systems boosting mucus production that invites bacteria trapped in stagnant secretions to cause infections. Studies show that HFCWO therapy is as effective an airway clearance method for patients who have compromised pulmonary function as traditional chest physical therapy (“CPT”) administered by a respiratory therapist. 1 However, HFCWO can be self-administered, relieving a caregiver of participation in the therapy, and eliminating the attendant cost of an in-home care provider. We believe that HFCWO treatments are cost-effective primarily because they reduce a patient’s risk of respiratory infections and other secondary complications that are associated with impaired airway clearance and often result in costly hospital visits and repeated antibiotic use. The SmartVest System is designed for patient comfort and ease of use which promotes adherence to prescribed treatment schedules, leading to improved airway clearance, patient outcomes and quality of life, and a reduction in healthcare utilization. We offer a broad range of garments, referred to as vests and wraps, in sizes for children and adults that allow for tailored fit. User-friendly controls allow patients to administer their daily therapy with minimal or no assistance. Our direct product support services provide patient and clinician education, training, and follow-up to ensure that the product is integrated into each patient’s daily treatment regimen. Additionally, our reimbursement department assures we are working on behalf of the patient by processing their physician paperwork, providing clinical support and billing the applicable insurance provider. We believe that the advantages of the SmartVest System and the Company’s customer services to the patient include: ● improved quality of life; ● reduction in healthcare utilization; ● independence from a dedicated caregiver; ● consistent treatments at home; ● improved comfort during therapy; and ● eligibility for reimbursement by private insurance, federal or state government programs or combinations of the foregoing. 1 Nicolini A, et al. Effectiveness of treatment with high-frequency chest wall oscillation in patients with bronchiectasis. BMC Pulmonary Medicine. 2013;13(21) . 1 Our Products Since 2000, we have marketed the SmartVest System and its predecessor products to patients suffering from bronchiectasis, cystic fibrosis, and neuromuscular conditions such as cerebral palsy and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (“ALS”). Our products are sold into the home health care market and the acute care setting for patients in a post-surgical or intensive care unit, or who were admitted for a lung infection brought on by compromised airway clearance. Accordingly, our sales points of contact include adult pulmonology clinics, cystic fibrosis centers, neuromuscular clinics and hospitals. We have received clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) to market the SmartVest System to promote airway clearance and improve bronchial drainage. In addition, Electromed is certified to apply the Conformité Européenne (“European Conformity” or “CE”) marking for HFCWO device sales in all European Union member countries and approved for HFCWO device sales in other, select international countries. The SmartVest System is available only with a physician’s prescription. The SmartVest System is currently available in one model – SQL ® – which is sold into home care and hospital markets. We will continue to support and service earlier SmartVest models pursuant to the applicable product warranty. As part of our growth strategies, we periodically evaluate opportunities involving products and services, especially those that may provide value to the respiratory homecare and institutional market. To that end, we made meaningful progress in the development of our next generation SmartVest System during our fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 (“fiscal 2022”) and estimate launching such device and completing the corresponding FDA 510(k) clearance process in the first half of our fiscal year ending June 30, 2023 (“fiscal 2023”). The SmartVest SQL System The SmartVest SQL System consists of an inflatable therapy garment, a programmable air pulse generator and a patented single-hose that delivers air pulses from the generator to the garment. The SmartVest SQL is designed for maximum comfort and lifestyle convenience, so patients can readily fit therapy into their daily routines. The SmartVest SQL was designed to be significantly smaller, quieter, and lighter than its predecessor, and offers features that make it easier to use and enable greater patient freedom. ● Patented single-hose design: A single-hose delivers oscillations to the SmartVest garment, which we believe provides therapy in a more comfortable and unobtrusive manner than a two-hose system. Oscillations are delivered evenly from the base of the SmartVest garment, extending the forces upward and inward in strong but smooth cycles surrounding the chest. ● Open system design with active inflate – active deflate: The active inflate – active deflate mechanism of the SmartVest System provides patients a more comfortable treatment experience by allowing them to take deep breaths and breathe more easily without feeling restricted. ● Soft-fabric garment is lightweight and comfortable: The SmartVest garment is lightweight and designed to resemble an article of clothing. Quick fit Velcro ® -like closures allow for a secure, comfortable fit without bulky straps and buckles. The simple design creates a broad size adjustment range to ensure a properly tailored fit to accommodate pediatric and adult patients. ● Patented Soft Start ® and 360° garment oscillation coverage: Soft Start gently fills the garment to acclimate the patient to therapy. All SmartVest garments provide 360° oscillation coverage, which delivers simultaneous treatment to all lobes of the lungs. ● Smaller, quieter and lighter: The SmartVest SQL System is 25% smaller, 5db quieter and 30% lighter than the prior SmartVest SV2100 System, which we previously discontinued on July 1, 2021. The SmartVest SQL is the lightest and overall quietest HFCWO generator on the market, weighing less than 16 pounds, making it easier for patients to use and integrate HFCWO therapy into their daily lives. 2