Item
                          1A.Risk
                                         Factors.

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide disclosure pursuant to this item.

--- ITEM 1C ---

Item
1C. Cybersecurity.

Protecting
the privacy of customer and personnel information is important to us, and we maintain security protocols and processes, including
ongoing training and education for all personnel, designed to combat the risk of unauthorized access or inadvertent disclosure.
Our business operations involve confidential information, including patient health information subject to regulation as discussed
under “HIPAA, HITECH and Other Privacy Regulations” above. Our information technology infrastructure is designed
to offer reliability, scalability, performance, security and privacy for our personnel, clients, and third-party contractors.

Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy

We
have designed and implemented a cybersecurity risk management program to help us identify, assess, and mitigate cybersecurity
risks relevant to our business, based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cyber Security Framework. The
cybersecurity risk management program is integrated into our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program.

Our
cybersecurity risk management program includes:

●dedicated
                                         cybersecurity professionals who analyze cybersecurity threats, define cybersecurity policy
                                         and requirements, implement protections, and monitor and respond to cybersecurity incidents;

●cybersecurity
                                         regulatory-based risk assessments for the Company’s systems and applications (where
                                         required);

●a
                                         formal incident response plan, in which incidents are classified based upon the severity,
                                         impact, and the potential harm that can be caused by the incident;

●monthly
                                         information security training program for all employees, including phishing awareness
                                         training; and

●engagement
                                         of third-party service providers to conduct assessments of the Company’s cybersecurity
                                         risk management program, penetration testing, and vulnerability testing.

To
date, the Company is not aware of any cybersecurity incident that has had or is reasonably likely to have a material impact on
the Company’s business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. However, despite our security measures, there
can be no assurance that the Company, or the third parties with which we interact, will not experience a cybersecurity incident
in the future that may materially affect us. 

Cybersecurity
Governance

The
Audit Committee and the Board of Directors provide oversight of cybersecurity risk management. The cybersecurity risk management
program is co-led by senior leaders of our management and third-party service providers. Between our senior leaders, there is
a combined 30+ years of experience assisting public and privately held companies in a variety of industries, leading several enterprise-wide
transformation initiatives to adapt to changing cybersecurity threats. Our Director of IT leads the IT organization, reports directly
to the Chief Financial Officer and works closely with the President and Chief Executive Officer to guide strategic direction and
IT decisions to drive business outcomes. Our Board of Directors is engaged in the Company’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM)
program and receives briefings on the outcomes of the ERM program and the steps the Company takes to mitigate risks that the program
identifies. The Audit Committee oversees the Company’s cybersecurity strategies, systems, and controls to ensure reliability
and prevent unauthorized access. The Audit Committee discusses policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including
risks associated with the reliability and security of the Company’s information technology and security systems, and the
steps management has undertaken to monitor and control such exposures. The Audit Committee and Board of Directors receives regular
updates on the Company’s cybersecurity risk management program from the Chief Financial Officer, Director of IT and third
party managed service provider CISO.