Item 1A. Risk Factors. 11 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 11 Item 1C. Cybersecurity. 11 Item 2. Properties. 12 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 12 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 12 PART II 12 Item 5. Market For Registrant ’ s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 12 Item 6. [Reserved]. 13 Item 7. Management ’ s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 14 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 19 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. F-1 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 20 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 20 Item 9B. Other Information. 21 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 21 PART III 21 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 21 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 22 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 22 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 22 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 22 PART IV 22 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 22 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 24 i Table of Contents INFORMATION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not statements of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: our business strategy, including our intended level of investment in research and development and marketing activities; our expectations with respect to earnings, gross margins and sales growth, industry relationships, marketing strategies and international sales; estimated sizes of markets into which our products are or may be sold; our business strengths and competitive advantages; our ability to grow additional sales distribution channels; our intent to retain any earnings for use in operations rather than paying dividends; our expectation that our products will continue to qualify for reimbursement and payment under government and private insurance programs; our intellectual property plans and practices; the expected impact of applicable regulations on our business; our beliefs about our manufacturing processes; our expectations and beliefs with respect to our employees and our relationships with them; our belief that our current facilities are adequate to support our growth plans; our expectations with respect to ongoing compliance with the terms of our credit facility; our expectations regarding the ongoing availability of credit and our ability to renew our line of credit; enhancements to our products and services; expected excise tax exemption for the SmartVest System; and our anticipated revenues, expenses, capital requirements and liquidity. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “goal,” “intend,” “may,” “ongoing,” “plan,” “potential,” “project,” “target,” “should,” “will,” “would,” and similar expressions, including the negative of these terms, are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Although we believe these forward-looking statements are reasonable, they involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected by such statements. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results or our industry’s actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: ● ability to obtain and maintain reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid, or private insurance payers for our products; ● component or raw material shortages, changes to lead times or significant price increases and changes to trade regulations (including, but not limited to, changes to tariffs); ● adverse changes to state and federal health care regulations; ● our ability to maintain regulatory compliance and to gain future regulatory approvals and clearances; ● entry of new competitors including new drug or pharmaceutical discoveries; ● adverse economic and business conditions or intense competition; ● wage inflation; ● technical problems with our research and products; ● the risks associated with cyberattacks, data breaches, computer viruses and other similar security threats; ● changes affecting the medical device industry; ● our ability to develop new sales channels for our products such as the hospital or homecare distributor channels; ● adverse international health care regulation impacting current international business; ● our ability to renew our line of credit or obtain additional credit as necessary; and ● our ability to protect and expand our intellectual property portfolio. This list of factors is not exhaustive, however, and these or other factors, many of which are outside of our control, could have a material adverse effect on us and the results of our operations. Therefore, you should consider these risk factors with caution and form your own critical and independent conclusions about the likely effect of these risk factors on our future performance. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which the statements are made, and we undertake no obligation, and expressly disclaim any such obligation, to update any forward-looking statement for any reason other than as required by law, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future. You should carefully review the disclosures and the risk factors described in this and other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth herein. ii Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business. Overview Electromed, Inc. (“we,” “our,” “us,” “Electromed” or the “Company”) develops, manufactures, markets and sells innovative products that provide airway clearance therapy, including the SmartVest ® Airway Clearance System (“SmartVest System”) to patients with compromised pulmonary function with a commitment to excellence and compassionate service. Our goal is to make High Frequency Chest Wall Oscillation (“HFCWO”) treatments as effective, convenient, and comfortable as possible, so our patients can breathe easier and live better with improved respiratory function and fewer exacerbations. We primarily employ a direct-to-patient and provider model, through which we obtain patient referrals from clinicians, manage insurance claims on behalf of our patients, and deliver the SmartVest System to patients, training them on proper use in their homes. This model allows us to directly approach patients and clinicians, whereby we disintermediate the traditional home medical equipment (“HME”) channel and capture both the manufacturer and distributor margins. We also sell our products in the acute care setting for patients in a post-surgical or intensive care unit, or who were admitted for a lung infection brought on by compromised airway clearance. Electromed was incorporated in Minnesota in 1992. Our common stock is listed on the NYSE American under the ticker symbol “ELMD.” The SmartVest System generates HFCWO, an airway clearance therapy. The SmartVest System features a programmable air pulse generator, a therapy garment worn over the upper body and a connecting hose, which together provide safe, comfortable, and effective therapy to clear the lung and airway from retained secretions and mucus which can harbor bacteria and lead to infection. One important factor of respiratory health is the ability to clear secretions from airways. Impaired airway clearance, when mucus cannot be expectorated, may result in labored breathing, inflammatory response and/or immune systems boosting mucus production that invites bacteria trapped in stagnant secretions to cause infections. Studies show that HFCWO therapy is as effective an airway clearance method for patients who have compromised pulmonary function as traditional chest physical therapy (“CPT”) administered by a respiratory therapist. 1 However, HFCWO can be self-administered, relieving a caregiver of participation in the therapy, and eliminating the attendant cost of an in-home care provider. We believe that HFCWO treatments are cost-effective primarily because they reduce a patient’s risk of respiratory infections and other secondary complications that are associated with impaired airway clearance and often result in costly hospital visits and repeated antibiotic use. The SmartVest System is designed for patient comfort and ease of use which promotes adherence to prescribed treatment schedules, leading to improved airway clearance, patient outcomes and quality of life, and a reduction in healthcare utilization. We offer a broad range of garments, referred to as vests and wraps, in sizes for children and adults that allow for a tailored fit. User-friendly controls allow patients to administer their daily therapy with minimal or no assistance. Our direct product support services provide patient and clinician education, training, and follow-up to ensure that the product is integrated into each patient’s daily treatment regimen. Additionally, our reimbursement department works on behalf of the patient by processing their physician paperwork, providing clinical support and billing the applicable insurance provider. We believe that the advantages of the SmartVest System and the Company’s customer service to the patient include: ● improved quality of life; ● reduction in healthcare utilization; ● independence from a dedicated caregiver; ● consistent treatments at home; ● improved comfort during therapy; and ● eligibility for reimbursement by private insurance, federal or state government programs or combinations of the foregoing. 1 Nicolini A, et al. Effectiveness of treatment with high-frequency chest wall oscillation in patients with bronchiectasis. BMC Pulmonary Medicine. 2013;13(21) . 1 Table of Contents Our Products Since 2000, we have marketed the SmartVest System and its predecessor products to patients suffering from bronchiectasis, cystic fibrosis, and neuromuscular conditions such as cerebral palsy and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (“ALS”). Our products are sold into the home health care market and the acute care setting for patients in a post-surgical or intensive care unit, or who were admitted for a lung infection brought on by compromised airway clearance. Accordingly, our sales points of contact include adult pulmonology clinics, cystic fibrosis centers, neuromuscular clinics and hospitals. We have received clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) to market the SmartVest System to promote airway clearance and improve bronchial drainage. In addition, Electromed is approved for HFCWO device sales in other, select international countries. The SmartVest System is available only with a physician’s prescription. The SmartVest System is currently available in two models, The SmartVest SQL ® and SmartVest Clearway ® – which are sold into homecare and hospital markets. In November 2022, we announced the introduction of SmartVest Clearway ® , our next generation HFCWO system designed around an enhanced patient experience and modern design. We will continue to support and service earlier SmartVest models pursuant to the applicable product warranty. As part of our growth strategies, we evaluate opportunities involving products and services, especially those that may provide value to the respiratory homecare and hospital market. The SmartVest Clearway System The SmartVest Clearway System consists of an inflatable therapy garment, a programmable air pulse generator and a patented single-hose that delivers air pulses from the generator to the garment to create oscillatory pressure on the chest wall. The SmartVest Clearway is designed for maximum comfort and lifestyle convenience, so patients can readily fit therapy into their daily routines. The SmartVest Clearway was designed with patient experience in mind, continuing our history of offering a sleek and light weight generator featuring an intuitive touch screen to simplify use. The enhanced features make it easier to use and enable greater patient freedom in completing therapy. ● 360 ° oscillation coverage and patented Soft Start (R) technology: All SmartVest garments provide 360° oscillation coverage, which delivers simultaneous treatment to all lobes of the lungs. The oscillatory squeeze-and-release technology delivers therapeutic pressure to the chest wall to loosen, sheer and propel mucus into the upper airways where it can be more easily expectorated. Our patented Soft Start technology gently inflates the garment to better acclimate the patient to therapy. ● Open system design with Breathing Room TM : The active inflate – active deflate mechanism of the SmartVest System enables patients to take deep breaths during therapy without feeling restricted, providing patients with a more comfortable treatment experience. ● Programmable generator with user-friendly device operation: The SmartVest Clearway introduces an intuitive touchscreen with single touch start. The improved user interface enhances device programming and simplifies everyday use. The system features multiple operating modes, including ramp, favorite settings designations, and options for saving, locking and restoring protocols. An enhanced pause feature allows the physician to program dedicated times for the patient to clear secretions during therapy. ● Patented single-hose design: A single-hose delivers oscillations to the SmartVest garment, which we believe provides therapy in a more comfortable and unobtrusive manner than a two-hose system. Oscillations are delivered evenly from the base of the SmartVest garment, extending the forces upward and inward in strong but smooth cycles surrounding the chest. ● Soft-fabric garment is lightweight and comfortable: The SmartVest garment is lightweight and is designed to resemble an article of clothing. The garment’s design takes weight off of the patient’s shoulders and torso, enhancing the therapy experience. Quick fit Velcro®-like closures allow for a secure, comfortable fit without bulky straps and buckles. The simple design creates a br

--- ITEM 1C ---

Item 1C.
     Cybersecurity.

  Protecting the privacy of customer and personnel information is important to us, and we maintain security protocols and processes, including ongoing training and education for all personnel, designed to combat the risk of unauthorized access or inadvertent disclosure. Our business operations involve confidential information, including patient health information subject to regulation as discussed under “HIPAA, HITECH and Other Privacy Regulations” above. Our information technology infrastructure is designed to offer reliability, scalability, performance, security and privacy for our personnel, clients, and third-party contractors.

   Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy

   We have designed and implemented a cybersecurity risk management program to help us identify, assess, and mitigate cybersecurity risks relevant to our business, based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cyber Security Framework. The cybersecurity risk management program is integrated into our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program.

   Our cybersecurity risk management program includes:

     ●

  dedicated cybersecurity professionals who analyze cybersecurity threats, define cybersecurity policy and requirements, implement protections, and monitor and respond to cybersecurity incidents;

     ●

  cybersecurity regulatory-based risk assessments for the Company’s systems and applications (where required);

     ●

  a formal incident response plan, in which incidents are classified based upon the severity, impact, and the potential harm that can be caused by the incident;

     ●

  monthly information security training program for all employees, including phishing awareness training; and

     ●

  engagement of third-party service providers to conduct assessments of the Company’s cybersecurity risk management program, penetration testing, and vulnerability testing.

   To date, the Company is not aware of any cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, that has had or is reasonably likely to have a material impact on the Company’s business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. However, despite our security measures, there can be no assurance that the Company, or the third parties with which we interact, will not experience a cybersecurity incident in the future that may materially affect us. 

   Cybersecurity Governance

   The Audit Committee and the Board of Directors provide oversight of cybersecurity risk management. The cybersecurity risk management program is co-led by senior leaders of our management and third-party service providers. Between our senior leaders, there is a combined 30+ years of experience assisting public and privately held companies in a variety of industries, leading several enterprise-wide transformation initiatives to adapt to changing cybersecurity threats. Our Director of IT leads the IT organization, reports directly to the Chief Financial Officer and works closely with the President and Chief Executive Officer to guide strategic direction and IT decisions to drive business outcomes. Our Board of Directors is engaged in the Company’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program and receives briefings on the outcomes of the ERM program and the steps the Company takes to mitigate risks that the program identifies. The Audit Committee oversees the Company’s cybersecurity strategies, systems, and controls to ensure reliability and prevent unauthorized access. The Audit Committee discusses policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including risks associated with the reliability and security of the Company’s information technology and security systems, and the steps management has undertaken to monitor and control such exposures. The Audit Committee and Board of Directors receives regular updates on the Company’s cybersecurity risk management program from the Chief Financial Officer, Director of IT and third-party managed service provider CISO.