Item 1A. Risk factors

An investment in the Company’s common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. The Company seeks to identify, manage and mitigate risks to our business, but uncertainties and risks are difficult to predict and many are outside of the Company’s control and cannot therefore be eliminated. In addition to the other information in this report and the Company’s other filings with the SEC, investors should consider carefully the factors set forth below. Investors should be aware that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and that the following is not meant to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, the Company’s business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected, potentially in a material way.

Risks related to our business, industry and operations

The Company’s businesses operate in highly competitive product markets and competitive pressures could adversely affect the Company’s earnings.

The Company faces substantial competition in its two operating segments and in all geographic markets. The Company’s businesses compete with companies of all sizes on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, intellectual property rights, product performance, real or perceived product advantages, pricing and availability and rate of reimbursement. The Company also competes with other market participants in securing rights to acquisitions, collaborations and licensing agreements with third parties. Competition for rights to product candidates and technologies may result in significant investment and acquisition costs and onerous agreement terms for the Company. Competitors’ development of more effective or less costly products, and/or their ability to secure patent and other intellectual property rights and successfully market products ahead of the Company, could negatively impact sales of the Company’s existing products as well as its ability to bring new products to market despite significant prior investment in the related product development. The Company may also experience operational and financial risk in connection with acquisitions if we are unable to fully identify potential risks and liabilities associated with acquired businesses or products, successfully integrate operations and employees, and successfully identify and realize synergies with existing businesses while containing acquisition-related strain on our management, operations and financial resources.

For the Company’s Innovative Medicine businesses, loss of patent exclusivity for a product often is followed by a substantial reduction in sales as competitors gain regulatory approval for generic, biosimilar and other competing products and enter the market. For the Company’s MedTech businesses, technological innovation, product quality, reputation and customer service are especially important to competitiveness. Development by other companies of new or improved products, processes and technologies could threaten to make the Company’s products or technologies less desirable, less economical or obsolete. The Company’s business and operations will be negatively impacted if we are unable to introduce new products or technological advances that are safe, more effective, more effectively marketed or otherwise outperform those of our competitors. 

Interruptions and delays in manufacturing operations could adversely affect the Company’s business, sales and reputation.

The Company’s manufacturing of products requires the timely delivery of sufficient amounts of complex, high-quality components and materials. The Company’s subsidiaries operate 64 manufacturing facilities as well as sourcing from thousands of suppliers around the world. The Company has in the past, and may in the future, face unanticipated interruptions and delays in manufacturing through its internal or external supply chain. Manufacturing disruptions can occur for many reasons including regulatory action, production quality deviations or safety issues, labor disputes, labor shortages, site-specific incidents (such as fires), natural disasters such as hurricanes and other severe weather events, raw material shortages, lack of available inspectors, political unrest, terrorist attacks and epidemics or pandemics. Such delays and difficulties in manufacturing can result in product shortages, declines in sales and reputational impact as well as significant remediation and related costs associated with addressing the shortage. 

The Company relies on third parties to manufacture and supply certain of our products. Any failure by or loss of a third-party manufacturer or supplier could result in delays and increased costs, which may adversely affect our business.

The Company relies on third parties to manufacture and supply certain of our raw materials, component parts and products. We depend on these third-party manufacturers to allocate to us a portion of their manufacturing capacity sufficient to meet our needs, to produce products of acceptable quality and at acceptable manufacturing yields and to deliver those products to us on a timely basis and at acceptable prices. However, we cannot guarantee that these third-party manufacturers will be able to meet our near-term or long-term manufacturing requirements, which could result in lost sales and have an adverse effect on our business.

2024 Annual Report

9

Other risks associated with our reliance on third parties to manufacture these products include reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance and quality assurance, misappropriation of the Company’s intellectual property, limited ability to manage our inventory, possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party and the possible termination or nonrenewal of the manufacturing agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. Moreover, if any of our third-party manufacturers suffers any damage to facilities, loses benefits under material agreements, experiences power outages, encounters financial difficulties, is unable to secure necessary raw materials from its suppliers or suffers any other reduction in efficiency, the Company may experience significant business disruption. In the event of any such disruption, the Company would need to seek and source other qualified third-party manufacturers, likely resulting in further delays and increased costs which could affect our business adversely.

Counterfeit versions of our products could harm our patients and have a negative impact on our revenues, earnings, reputation and business. 

Our industry continues to be challenged by the vulnerability of distribution channels to illegal counterfeiting and the presence of counterfeit products in a growing number of markets and over the Internet. Third parties may illegally distribute and sell counterfeit versions of our products, which do not meet our rigorous manufacturing and testing standards. To distributors and patients, counterfeit products may be visually indistinguishable from the authentic version. Counterfeit medicines pose a risk to patient health and safety because of the conditions under which they are manufactured – often in unregulated, unlicensed, uninspected and unsanitary sites – as well as the lack of regulation of their contents.

The industry’s failure to mitigate the threat of counterfeit medicines could adversely impact our business and reputation by impacting patient confidence in our authentic products, potentially resulting in lost sales, product recalls, and an increased threat of litigation. In addition, diversion of our products from their authorized market into other channels may result in reduced revenues and negatively affect our profitability.

Global health crises, pandemics, epidemics, or other outbreaks could adversely disrupt or impact certain aspects of the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

We are subject to risks associated with global health crises, epidemics, pandemics and other outbreaks (such incident(s), a health crisis or health crises). The spread of health crises have caused and may cause the Company to modify its business practices, and take further actions as may be required by government authorities or as the Company determines are in the best interests of our patients, customers, employees and business partners under such circumstances. Impacts to the Company have included and may include adverse impacts to results of operations and financial condition, including lower sales and reduced customer demand and usage of certain of our products. While the Company has robust business continuity plans in place across our global supply chain network designed to help mitigate the impact of health crises, these efforts may not completely prevent our business from being adversely affected in the event of a health crisis. Health crises could adversely impact the Company’s operations, including, among other things, our manufacturing operations, supply chain, third-party suppliers, sales and marketing, and clinical trial operations. Any of these factors could adversely affect the Company’s business, financial results, and global economic conditions generally.

Risks related to government regulation and legal proceedings

Global sales in the Company’s Innovative Medicine and MedTech segments may be negatively impacted by healthcare reforms and increasing pricing pressures.

Sales of the Company’s Innovative Medicine and MedTech products are significantly affected by reimbursements by third-party payors such as government healthcare programs, private insurance plans and managed care organizations. As part of various efforts to contain healthcare costs, these payors are putting downward pressure on prices at which products will be reimbursed. In the U.S., increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of Medicare, Medicaid, and private sector beneficiaries, in part due to continued consolidation among healthcare providers, could result in further pricing pressures. In addition, recent legislation and ongoing political scrutiny on pricing, coverage and reimbursement could result in additional pricing pressures. Specifically, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA) has changed Medicare Part D benefit design and has subjected certain of the Company's products to government-established pricing beginning in 2026 and may subject additional products in the future. Failure to adhere to the government's interpretations of the law pending ongoing litigation may expose the Company to penalties. In addition, change to Medicare Part D could have a negative impact on U.S. Innovative Medicine sales. Further, increased third-party utilization of the 340B Federal Drug Discount Program from expanded interpretations of the statute and program abuse may have a negative impact on the Company's financial performance. Outside the U.S., numerous major markets, including the EU, United Kingdom, Japan and China, have pervasive government involvement in funding healthcare and, in that regard, directly or indirectly impose price controls, limit access to, or reimbursement for, the Company’s products, or reduce the value of its intellectual property protection. 

10

We are subject to an increasing number of costly and complex governmental regulations in the countries in which operations are conducted which may materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and business operations.

As described in Item 1. Business, the Company is subject to an increasing number of extensive government laws and regulations, investigations and legal action by national, state and local government agencies in the U.S. and other countries in which it operates. For example, changes to the U.S. FDA’s timing or requirements for approval or clearance of our products may have a negative impact on our ability to bring new products to market. New and changing laws, regulations, executive orders and other directives may also impose deadlines on the Company, or its third-party suppliers, manufacturers or other partners and providers, for which there may be insufficient time to implement changes to comply with such new regulations and may result in manufacturing delays or other supply chain constraints. If the Company is unable to identify ways to mitigate these delays or constraints, there may be an adverse effect on sales and access to our products. 

The Company is subject to significant legal proceedings that can result in significant expenses, fines and reputational damage.

In the ordinary course of business, Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries are subject to numerous claims and lawsuits involving various issues such as product liability, patent disputes and claims that their product sales, marketing and pricing practices violate various antitrust, unfair trade practices and/or consumer protection laws. The Company’s more significant legal proceedings are described in Note 19 Legal proceedings under Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. Litigation, in general, and securities, derivative action, class action and multi-district litigation, in particular, can be expensive and disruptive. Some of these matters may include thousands of plaintiffs, may involve parties seeking large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive or exemplary damages, and may remain unresolved for several years. For example, the Company is a defendant in numerous lawsuits arising out of the use of body powders containing talc, primarily JOHNSON’S Baby Powder. While the Company believes it has substantial defenses in these matters, it is not feasible to predict the ultimate outcome of litigation. The Company has been and could in the future be required to pay significant amounts as a result of settlements or judgments in these matters, potentially in excess of accruals, including matters where the Company could be held jointly and severally liable among other defendants. The resolution of, or increase in accruals for, one or more of these matters in any reporting period could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations and cash flows for that period. The Company does not purchase third-party product liability insurance; however, the Company utilizes a wholly owned captive insurance company subject to certain limits.

Product reliability, safety and effectiveness concerns can have significant negative impacts on sales and results of operations, lead to litigation and cause reputational damage.

Product concerns, whether raised internally or by litigants, regulators or consumer advocates, and whether or not based on scientific evidence, can result in safety alerts, product recalls, governmental investigations, regulatory action on the part of the U.S. FDA (or its counterpart in other countries), private claims and lawsuits, payment of fines and settlements, declining sales and reputational damage. These circumstances can also result in damage to brand image, brand equity and consumer trust in the Company’s products. Product recalls have in the past, and could in the future, prompt government investigations and inspections, the shutdown of manufacturing facilities, continued product shortages and related sales declines, significant remediation costs, reputational damage, possible civil penalties and criminal prosecution. 

The Company faces significant regulatory scrutiny, which imposes significant compliance costs and exposes the Company to government investigations, legal actions and penalties.

The rapid increase in new government laws and regulations imposes significant compliance costs to the Company and a failure of the Company to timely implement changes to comply with these new laws may expose the Company to investigations, legal actions or penalties. Regulatory issues regarding compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) (and comparable quality regulations in foreign countries) by manufacturers of drugs and devices can lead to fines and penalties, product recalls, product shortages, interruptions in production, delays in new product approvals and litigation. In addition, the marketing, pricing and sale of the Company’s products are subject to regulation, investigations and legal actions including under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Medicaid Rebate Program, federal and state false claims acts, state unfair trade practices acts and consumer protection laws. Scrutiny of healthcare industry business practices by government agencies and state attorneys general in the U.S., and any resulting investigations and prosecutions, carry risk of significant civil and criminal penalties including, but not limited to, debarment from participation in government healthcare programs. Any such debarment could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results of operations. The most significant current investigations and litigation brought by government agencies are described in Note 19 Legal proceedings—Government proceedings under Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. 

2024 Annual Report

11

Changes in tax laws or exposures to additional tax liabilities could negatively impact the Company’s operating results.

Changes in tax laws or regulations around the world, including in the U.S. and as led by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, such as the enactment by certain EU and non-EU countries, and the anticipated enactment by additional countries, of a global minimum tax, could negatively impact the Company’s effective tax rate and results of operations. A change in statutory tax rate or certain international tax provisions in any country would result in the revaluation of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities related to that particular jurisdiction in the period in which the new tax law is enacted. This change would result in an expense or benefit recorded to the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Earnings. The Company closely monitors these proposals as they arise in the countries where it operates. Changes to tax laws or regulations may occur at any time, and any related expense or benefit recorded may be material to the fiscal quarter and year in which the law change is enacted. 

See Note 8 Income taxes under Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report for additional information. 

The Company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and is addressing tax audits and disputes with many tax authorities. In connection with various government initiatives, companies are required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in other countries. The Company regularly assesses the likely outcomes of its tax audits and disputes to determine the appropriateness of its tax reserves. However, any tax authority could take a position on tax treatment that is contrary to the Company’s expectations, which could result in tax liabilities in excess of reserves.

Risks related to our intellectual property

The Company faces increased challenges to intellectual property rights central to its business.

The Company owns or licenses a significant number of patents and other proprietary rights relating to its products and manufacturing processes. These rights are essential to the Company’s businesses and the inability of the Company to secure and maintain these rights may have a detrimental impact on the Company’s financial results. Public policy, both within and outside the U.S., has become increasingly unfavorable toward intellectual property rights. The Company cannot be certain that it will secure and maintain adequate patent protection for new products and technologies in the United States and other important markets.

Competitors routinely challenge the validity or extent of the Company’s owned or licensed patents and proprietary rights through litigation, interferences, oppositions and other proceedings, such as inter partes review (IPR) proceedings before the United States Patent & Trademark Office (USPTO). These proceedings absorb resources and can be protracted as well as unpredictable. In addition, others may claim the Company has infringed their intellectual property rights, including copyrights, patents, or trademarks, and/or has misappropriated their trade secrets, any of which could result in an injunction and/or the need to pay past damages and future royalties and adversely affect the competitive position and sales of our products. 

The Company has faced increasing patent challenges from third parties seeking to manufacture and market generic and biosimilar versions of the Company’s key pharmaceutical products prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. In the event the Company is not successful in defending its patents against such challenges, or upon the “at-risk” launch by the generic or biosimilar firm of its product, the Company can lose a major portion of revenues for the referenced product in a very short period of time. Current legal proceedings involving the Company’s patents and other intellectual property rights are described in Note 19 Legal proceedings—Intellectual property under Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report.

12

Risks related to product development, regulatory approval and commercialization

Significant challenges or delays in the Company’s innovation, development and implementation of new products, technologies and indications could have an adverse impact on the Company’s long-term success.

The Company’s continued growth and success depends on its ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products and services that address the evolving healthcare needs of patients, providers and consumers. Development of successful products and technologies is also necessary to offset revenue losses when the Company’s existing products lose market share due to various factors such as competition and loss of patent exclusivity. New products introduced within the past five years accounted for approximately 25% of 2024 sales. The Company cannot be certain when or whether it will be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire companies, products and technologies, whether particular product candidates will be granted regulatory approval, and, if approved, whether the products will be commercially successful.

The Company pursues product development through internal research and development as well as through collaborations, acquisitions, joint ventures and licensing or other arrangements with third parties. In all of these contexts, developing new products, particularly pharmaceutical and biotechnology products and medical devices, requires significant investment of resources over many years. Only a very few biopharmaceutical research and development programs result in commercially viable products. The process depends on many factors including the ability to: discern patients’ and healthcare providers’ future needs; develop promising new compounds, strategies and technologies; achieve successful clinical trial results; secure effective intellectual property protection; obtain regulatory approvals on a timely basis; and, if and when they reach the market, successfully differentiate the Company’s products from competing products and approaches to treatment. Moreover, the development and regulatory approval of new products may be delayed due to limits on federal agency budgets or personnel, including reductions to the U.S. FDA’s budget, employees, and operations, which may lead to slower response times and longer review periods. After approval, new products or enhancements to existing products may not be accepted quickly or significantly in the marketplace due to product and price competition, changes in customer preferences or healthcare purchasing patterns, resistance by healthcare providers or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. Even following initial regulatory approval, the success of a product can be adversely impacted by safety and efficacy findings in larger real-world patient populations, as well as market entry of competitive products.

The Company leverages the use of data science, machine learning and other forms of AI and emerging technologies across varying parts of its business and operations, and the introduction and incorporation of AI may result in unintended consequences or other new or expanded risks and liabilities. AI technology is continuously evolving, and the AI technologies we develop and adopt may become obsolete earlier than planned. Our investments in these technologies may not result in the benefits we anticipate or enable us to obtain or maintain a competitive advantage. The application of AI in our business is emerging and evolving alongside new laws and regulations that may entail significant costs or ultimately limit our ability to continue the use of these technologies. These technologies also carry inherent risks related to data privacy and security further described below.

Risks related to financial and economic market conditions

The Company faces a variety of financial, economic, legal, social and political risks associated with conducting business internationally.

The Company’s extensive operations and business activity throughout the world are accompanied by certain financial, economic, legal, social and political risks, including those listed below.

Foreign currency exchange: In fiscal 2024, approximately 43% of the Company’s sales occurred outside of the U.S., with approximately 23% in Europe, 5% in the Western Hemisphere, excluding the U.S., and 15% in the Asia-Pacific and Africa region. Changes in non-U.S. currencies relative to the U.S. dollar impact the Company’s revenues and expenses. While the Company uses financial instruments to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in currency exchange rates on its cash flows, unhedged exposures continue to be subject to currency fluctuations. In addition, the weakening or strengthening of the U.S. dollar may result in significant favorable or unfavorable translation effects when the operating results of the Company’s non-U.S. business activity are translated into U.S. dollars. 

Inflation and currency devaluation risks: The Company faces challenges in maintaining profitability of operations in economies experiencing high inflation rates. Specifically, the Company has accounted for operations in Argentina, Turkey, Venezuela and Egypt (beginning in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024) as highly inflationary, as the prior three-year cumulative inflation rate surpassed 100%. While the Company strives to maintain profit margins in these areas through cost reduction programs, productivity improvements and periodic price increases, it might experience operating losses as a result of continued inflation. 

2024 Annual Report

13

In addition, the impact of currency devaluations in countries experiencing high inflation rates or significant currency exchange fluctuations could negatively impact the Company’s operating results. 

Illegal importation of pharmaceutical products: The illegal importation of pharmaceutical products from countries where government price controls or other market dynamics result in lower prices may adversely affect the Company’s sales and profitability in the U.S. and other countries in which the Company operates. With the exception of limited quantities of prescription drugs for personal use, foreign imports of pharmaceutical products are illegal under current U.S. law. However, the volume of illegal imports continues to rise as the ability of patients and other customers to obtain the lower-priced imports has grown significantly.

Anti-bribery and other regulations: The Company is subject to various federal and foreign laws that govern its international business practices with respect to payments to government officials. Those laws include the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), which prohibits U.S. publicly traded companies from promising, offering, or giving anything of value to foreign officials with the corrupt intent of influencing the foreign official for the purpose of helping the Company obtain or retain business or gain any improper advantage. The Company’s business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with foreign officials. Also, in many countries outside the U.S., the healthcare providers who prescribe human pharmaceuticals are employed by the government and the purchasers of human pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, the Company’s interactions with these prescribers and purchasers are subject to regulation under the FCPA. In addition to the U.S. application and enforcement of the FCPA, various jurisdictions in which the Company operates have laws and regulations, including the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, aimed at preventing and penalizing corrupt and anticompetitive behavior. Enforcement activities under these laws could subject the Company to additional administrative and legal proceedings and actions, which could include claims for civil penalties, criminal sanctions, and administrative remedies, including exclusion from healthcare programs.

Other financial, economic, legal, social and political risks. Other risks inherent in conducting business globally include:

•local and regional economic environments and policies in the markets that we serve, including interest rates, monetary policy, inflation, economic growth, recession, commodity prices, and currency controls or other limitations on the ability to expatriate cash; 

•protective economic policies taken by governments, such as trade protection measures, increased antitrust reporting requirements and enforcement activity, and import/export licensing requirements; 

•compliance with local regulations and laws including, in some countries, regulatory requirements restricting the Company’s ability to manufacture or sell its products in the relevant market; 

•diminished protection of intellectual property and contractual rights in certain jurisdictions;

•potential nationalization or expropriation of the Company’s foreign assets; 

•political or social upheavals, economic instability, repression, or human rights issues; and 

•geopolitical events, including natural disasters, disruptions to markets due to war, armed conflict, terrorism, epidemics or pandemics.

Due to the international nature of the Company's business, geopolitical or economic changes or events, including global tensions and war, could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.

As described above, the Company has extensive operations and business activity throughout the world. Global tensions, conflict and/or war among any of the countries in which we conduct business or distribute our products may result in foreign currency volatility, decreased demand for our products in affected countries, and challenges to our global supply chain related to increased costs of materials and other inputs for our products and suppliers. Most recently, we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, impacts to the Company's business resulting from the Russia-Ukraine war, rising conflict in the Middle East as well as increasing tensions between the U.S. and China. In response to heightened conflict, such as the Russia-Ukraine war, governments may impose export controls and broad financial and economic sanctions. Our business and operations may be further impacted by the imposition of tariffs, trade protection measures or other policies adopted by any country that favor domestic companies and technologies over foreign competitors. Additional sanctions or other measures may be imposed by the global community, including but not limited to limitations on our ability to file, prosecute and maintain patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights. Furthermore, in some countries, such as in Russia, action may be taken that allows companies and individuals to exploit inventions owned by patent holders from the United States and many other countries without consent or compensation and we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing the Company's inventions in Russia or from selling or importing products in and into Russia. In addition, the U.S. government recently announced tariffs on products manufactured in several jurisdictions, including China, Mexico and Canada, and has 

14

made announcements regarding the potential imposition of tariffs on other jurisdictions. While certain of the announced tariffs  have been delayed, the U.S. government may in the future pause, reimpose or increase tariffs, and countries subject to such tariffs have and in the future may impose reciprocal tariffs or other restrictive trade measures in response. Any of these actions could increase uncertainties and associated risks relating to the Company’s global operations.

Weak financial performance, failure to maintain a satisfactory credit rating or disruptions in the financial markets could adversely affect our liquidity, capital position, borrowing costs and access to capital markets.

We currently maintain investment grade credit ratings with Moody’s Investors Service and Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services. Rating agencies routinely evaluate us, and their ratings of our long-term and short-term debt are based on a number of factors. Any downgrade of our credit ratings by a credit rating agency, whether as a result of our actions or factors which are beyond our control, can increase the cost of borrowing under any indebtedness we may incur, reduce market capacity for our commercial paper or require the posting of additional collateral under our derivative contracts. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our credit ratings, and any additional actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under review for a downgrade, may have a negative impact on our liquidity, capital position and access to capital markets. 

Other risks

Our business depends on our ability to recruit and retain talented and highly skilled employees.

Our continued growth requires us to recruit and retain talented employees representing many different backgrounds, experiences, and skill sets. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive and our ability to compete depends on our ability to hire, develop and motivate highly skilled personnel in all areas of our organization. Maintaining our brand and reputation, as well as a credo-based work environment enables us to attract top talent. If we are less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we cannot retain highly skilled workers and key leaders, our ability to develop and deliver successful products and services may be adversely affected. In addition, effective succession planning is important to our long-term success. Any unsuccessful implementation of our succession plans or failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.

Climate change or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change may negatively affect our business and results of operations.

Climate change resulting from increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere could present risks to our operations, including an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. Natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, such as a hurricane, tornado, earthquake, wildfire or flooding, may pose physical risks to our facilities and disrupt the operation of our supply chain. The impacts of the changing climate on water resources may result in water scarcity, limiting our ability to access sufficient high-quality water in certain locations, which may increase operational costs. 

Concern over climate change may also result in new or additional legal or regulatory requirements designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and/or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment. If such laws or regulations are more stringent than current legal or regulatory obligations, we may experience disruption in, or an increase in the costs associated with sourcing, manufacturing and distribution of our products, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Further, the impacts of climate change have an influence on customer preferences, and failure to provide climate-friendly products could potentially result in loss of market share.

An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, could have a negative impact on the Company’s business or reputation.

To meet business objectives, the Company relies on both internal information technology (IT) systems and networks, and those of third parties and their vendors, to process and store sensitive data (including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data that may be subject to legal protection) to ensure the continuity of the Company’s supply chain and operations, and as part of many of the products we deliver to customers. The extensive range of information security and cybersecurity threats, which affect companies globally, pose a persistent risk to the security and availability of these systems and networks, including to customer products that are connected to or rely on such systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the Company’s sensitive data. The Company assesses these threats, responds to attacks and breaches that it has experienced, and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities, as well as ensure the Company’s third-party providers have required capabilities and 

2024 Annual Report

15

controls, to address this risk. Because of the frequently changing attack techniques, along with the increased volume and sophistication of the attacks, there is the potential for the Company to be adversely impacted. This impact could result in reputational, competitive, operational or other business harm as well as financial costs and regulatory action. Also, increasing use of AI could increase these risks. The Company maintains cybersecurity insurance in the event of an information security or cyber incident; however, the coverage may not be sufficient to cover all financial, legal, business or reputational losses.

As a result of increased global tensions, the Company expects there will continue to be, an increased risk of information security or cybersecurity incidents, including cyberattacks perpetrated by adversaries of countries where the Company maintains operations. Given the potential sophistication of these attacks, the Company may not be able to address the threat of information security or cybersecurity incidents proactively or implement adequate preventative measures and we may not be able to detect and address any such disruption or security breach promptly, or at all, which could adversely affect customers that use our products, our business, results of operations or financial condition. Moreover, these threats could also impact our third-party partners resulting in compromise of the Company's IT systems, networks and data which could negatively affect the Company.

A breach of privacy laws or unauthorized access, loss or misuse of personal data could have a negative impact on the Company’s business or reputation.

The Company is subject to privacy and data protection laws and regulations across the globe that impose broad compliance obligations on the collection, possession, use, storage, access, disclosure, transfer, deletion and protection of personal data. Breach of the requirements of these laws and regulations could result in substantial fines, penalties, governmental actions, private right of actions, including class actions, and damage to our reputation and business. New privacy laws are expected globally, together with greater privacy enforcement by governmental authorities globally, particularly on data localization requirements and data transfers including international data flows. The Company has established privacy compliance programs and controls with which our businesses worldwide are required to comply. However, with many technology and data-driven initiatives evolving across the Company, involving multiple vendors and third parties, there are threats that could impact our business operations and research activities, including potential risks of unauthorized access and loss of personal data as well as legislative actions imposing limitations and controls on the use and sharing of personal data as well as on cross border data flows.

--- ITEM 1C ---

Item 1C. Cybersecurity

Risk management and strategy

The Company has documented cybersecurity policies and standards, assesses risks from cybersecurity threats, and monitors information systems for potential cybersecurity issues. To protect the Company’s information systems from cybersecurity threats, the Company uses various security tools supporting protection, detection, and response capabilities. The Company maintains a cybersecurity incident response plan to help ensure a timely, consistent response to actual or attempted cybersecurity incidents impacting the Company. 

The Company also identifies and assesses third-party risks within the enterprise, and through the Company's use of third-party service providers, across a range of areas including data security and supply chain through a structured third-party risk management program. 

The Company maintains a formal information security training program for all employees that includes training on matters such as phishing and email security best practices. Employees are also required to complete mandatory training on data privacy.

To evaluate and enhance its cybersecurity program, the Company periodically utilizes third-party experts to undertake maturity assessments of the Company’s information security program.

To date, the Company is not aware of any cybersecurity incident that has had or is reasonably likely to have a material impact on the Company’s business or operations; however, because of the frequently changing attack techniques, along with the increased volume and sophistication of the attacks, there is the potential for the Company to be adversely impacted. This impact could result in reputational, competitive, operational or other business harm as well as financial costs and regulatory action. Refer to the risk factor captioned An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, could have a negative impact to the Company’s business or reputation in Part I, Item 1A. Risk factors for additional description of cybersecurity risks and potential related impacts on the Company.

Governance - management’s responsibility

The Company takes a risk-based approach to cybersecurity and has implemented cybersecurity controls designed to address cybersecurity threats and risks. The Chief Information Officer (CIO), who is a member of the Company’s Executive Committee, and the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) are responsible for assessing and managing cybersecurity risks, including security incident detection, response, and recovery.

The Company’s CISO, in coordination with the CIO, is responsible for leading the Company’s cybersecurity program and management of cybersecurity risk. The current CISO has over twenty-five years of experience in information security, and his background includes technical experience, strategy and architecture focused roles, cyber and threat experience, and various leadership roles.

Governance - board oversight

The Company’s Board of Directors oversees the overall risk management process, including cybersecurity risks, directly and through its committees. The Regulatory Compliance & Sustainability Committee (RCSC) of the board is primarily responsible for oversight of risk from cybersecurity threats and oversees compliance with applicable laws, regulations and Company policies related to, among others, privacy and cybersecurity. 

RCSC meetings include discussions of specific risk areas throughout the year including, among others, those relating to cybersecurity. The CISO provides quarterly updates each year to RCSC on cybersecurity matters. These reports include an overview of the cybersecurity threat landscape, key cybersecurity initiatives to improve the Company’s risk posture, changes in the legal and regulatory landscape relative to cybersecurity, and overviews of certain cybersecurity incidents that have occurred within the Company and within the industry.

2024 Annual Report