Item 1A. Risk Factors. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. Item 1C. Cybersecurity . Item 2. Properties. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information and Dividends Shareholders Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans Stock Repurchase Program Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Item 9B. Other Information. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction That Prevent Inspections PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Item 11. Executive Compensation. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. SIGNATURES FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 542) Balance Sheets Statements of Income Statements of Comprehensive Income Statements of Shareholders’ Equity Statements of Cash Flows Notes to Financial Statements 2 Table of Contents PART I FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Some of the statements made in this Report or the documents incorporated by reference in this Report and in other materials filed or to be filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) as well as information included in verbal or written statements made by us constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Reform Act. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of terminology such as may, will, expect, anticipate, intend, believe, estimate, should, or continue, or the negatives of these terms or other variations of these words or comparable terminology. To the extent that this Report contains forward-looking statements regarding the financial condition, operating results, business prospects, or any other aspect of NVE, you should be aware that our actual financial condition, operating results, and business performance may differ materially from that projected or estimated by us in the forward-looking statements. We have attempted to identify, in context, some of the factors that we currently believe may cause actual future experience and results to differ from their current expectations. These differences may be caused by a variety of factors, including but not limited to risks related to our reliance on several large customers for a significant percentage of revenue, uncertainties related to the economic environments in the industries we serve, uncertainties related to future sales and revenues, risks and uncertainties related to tariffs, customs, duties, and other trade barriers, risks and uncertainties related to future stock repurchases and dividend payments, and other specific risks that may be alluded to in this Report or the documents incorporated by reference in this Report. For more information regarding our risks and uncertainties, see Item 1A “Risk Factors” of this Report. ITEM 1. BUSINESS. In General NVE Corporation, referred to as NVE, we, us, or our, develops and sells devices that use spintronics, a nanotechnology that relies on electron spin rather than electron charge to acquire, store, and transmit information. We manufacture high-performance spintronic products including sensors and couplers that are used to acquire and transmit data. NVE History and Background NVE is a Minnesota corporation headquartered in a suburb of Minneapolis. We were founded in 1989 by James M. Daughton, Ph.D., a spintronics pioneer. Our common stock became publicly traded in 2000 through a reverse merger and became NASDAQ listed in 2003. Since our founding, we have been awarded more than $50 million in government research contracts. These contracts have helped us develop products and build our intellectual property portfolio. We have adopted a March 31 fiscal year, so fiscal years referenced in this report end March 31. Industry Background Much of the electronics industry is devoted to the acquisition, storage, and transmission of information. We have focused on three applications for our spintronic technology: magnetic sensors, couplers, and memories. Sensors acquire information, couplers transmit information, and memories store information. In that sense, our technology can provide the eyes, nerves, and brains of electronic systems. Magnetic sensors can be used for many purposes including detecting the position or speed of robotics and mechanisms, or for communicating with implantable medical devices. We believe our spintronic sensors are smaller, more precise, and more reliable than competing devices. Couplers are widely used in factory automation, providing reliable digital communication between electronic subsystems in factories. For example, couplers are used to send high-speed data between robots and central controllers. As manufacturing automation expands, there is a need for higher-speed data and more channel density. Because of their unique properties, we believe our couplers transmit more data at higher speeds and over longer distances than conventional devices. Near-term potential MRAM applications include mission-critical storage such as military, industrial, and antitamper applications. Long term, MRAM could address the market for ubiquitous high-density memory. Our Enabling Technology Our designs are generally based on either giant magnetoresistance or tunneling magnetoresistance. These structures produce a large change in electrical resistance depending on the electron spin orientation in a free layer. In giant magnetoresistance (GMR) devices, resistance changes due to conduction electrons scattering at interfaces within the devices. The GMR effect is only significant if the layer thicknesses are less than the mean free path of conduction electrons, which is approximately five nanometers. Our critical GMR conductor layers may be less than two nanometers, or five atomic layers, thick. 3 Table of Contents A more advanced type of spintronic structure we use is based on tunneling magnetoresistance (TMR). Such devices are known as Spin-Dependent Tunnel (SDT) junctions or Magnetic Tunnel Junctions (MTJs). SDT junctions use tunnel barriers that are so thin that electrons can “tunnel” through a normally insulating material to cause a resistance change. SDT barrier thicknesses can be in the range of one to four nanometers (less than ten molecular layers). In our products, the spintronic elements are connected to integrated circuitry and encapsulated (“packaged”) in much the same way as conventional integrated circuits. Our Strategy Our vision is to become the leading developer of practical spintronics technology and devices. Our spintronic technology provides eyes, nerves, and brains for electronic systems, breathing life and intelligence into inanimate objects. Our unique products support global trends of efficient energy conversion and smart, low-power end nodes for the “Internet of Things.” To grow product sales, we plan to broaden our sensor and coupler product lines and enhance our product benefits in target markets. Our Products and Markets Sensor Products and Markets Our sensor products detect the strength or gradient of magnetic fields and are often used to determine position or speed. GMR or TMR elements change electrical resistance depending on the magnetic field. In many of our devices, sensor elements are combined with foundry integrated circuitry or digital cores, and packaged in much the same way as conventional integrated circuits. Our sensors are small, highly sensitive to magnetic fields, precise, and reliable. We sell standard (“catalog”) sensors, and custom sensors designed to meet customers’ exact requirements. Standard sensors Our standard, or catalog sensors are generally used to detect the presence of a magnetic or metallic material to determine position, rotation, or speed. We believe our spintronic sensors are smaller, more precise, more reliable, and lower power than competing devices. Our major market for standard sensors is the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) for factory automation. Custom and medical sensors Our primary custom products are sensors for medical devices, which are customized to our customers’ requirements and manufactured under stringent medical device quality standards. Many are used to replace electromechanical magnetic switches. We believe our sensors have important advantages in medical devices compared to electromechanical switches, including no moving parts for inherent reliability, and being smaller, more sensitive, and more precise. Our sensors can be customized for size, range, and sensitivity to magnetic fields, electrical resistance, and embedded software. Coupler Products and Markets Our spintronic couplers combine a GMR sensor element and an integrated microscopic coil. The coil creates a small magnetic field that is detected by the spintronic sensor, transmitting data almost instantly. Couplers are also known as “isolators” because they electrically isolate the coupled systems. Our major coupler markets are power conversion and the IIoT. Our couplers enable more efficient power conversion and interconnections to implement the IIoT for advanced factory automation. Power Products and Markets Power products include voltage regulators, interface ICs, DC-to-DC convertors, and products that combine couplers and DC-to-DC convertors to transmit energy as well as data. Our isolated DC-to-DC convertors transfer energy between systems without direct electrical connections and are used in energy conversion systems and industrial networks for the IIoT. Energy conversion applications include battery energy storage systems and hybrid/electric vehicles. MRAM Products and Markets MRAM uses spintronics to store data. Unlike electrical charge, the spin of an electron is inherently permanent. We have invented several types of memory cells including inventions related to advanced MRAM designs and MRAM for tamper prevention or detection. Our MRAM strategy has been focused on low bit density for applications such as tamper prevention and detection. Product Manufacturing Our product manufacturing includes “front-end” wafer production and “back-end” product testing. We believe having our own U.S. wafer production and test capabilities is an advantage over competitors that outsource such operations. Wafer production is a cleanroom area with specialized equipment to deposit, pattern, etch, and process spintronic materials. Most of our products are fabricated in our facility using either raw silicon wafers or foundry wafers. Foundry wafers contain conventional electronics that perform housekeeping functions such as voltage regulation and signal conditioning in our products. Each wafer may include thousands of devices. We build spintronics structures on wafers in our fabrication facility and do wafer-level inspection and testing. 4 Table of Contents We either dice wafers to be sold in die form, send wafers to Asia for dicing and packaging, or process wafers into Wafer-Level Chip-Scale Parts (WLCSPs). Packaged parts are returned to us to be tested, inventoried, and shipped. Alternatively, the process to convert wafers to WLCSPs includes attaching solder balls, electrical testing, and wafer dicing. Our facility has been certified under the ISO 9001:2015 quality management standard and is an Approved Place of Manufacture under ECS/CIG 021-024: 2014. Sales and Product Distribution We rely on distributors who stock and resell our products in more than 75 countries. Distributors of our products include America II Electronics, Inc., Angst+Pfister Sensors and Power, and Digi-Key Corporation. Our distributor agreements generally renew annually. In addition, we distribute versions of some of our products under private-brand partnerships with large integrated device manufacturers. These private-brand partnerships broaden our distribution and enhance our sales support, technical support, and product awareness. New Product Status In the past year, we began marketing several new and improved products, including: · high-sensitivity ultraminiature sensors; · a new type of rotation sensor; · our first Wafer-Level Chip-Scale sensors; · advanced position sensors; and · new product evaluation boards. Long-term product development programs in fiscal 2025 included: · ultrahigh-sensitivity TMR sensors; · next-generation sensors for hearing aids and implanted medical devices; · wafer-level chip-scale devices; and · next-generation MRAM for antitamper applications. Our Competition Industrial Sensor Competition Several other companies either make or may have the capability to make GMR or TMR sensors. Also, several competitors make solid-state industrial magnetic sensors including silicon Hall-effect sensors and anisotropic magnetoresistive (AMR) sensors. We believe those types of sensors are not as sensitive or power-efficient as our GMR or TMR sensors. Medical Sensor Competition Our sensors for medical devices face competition from electromechanical magnetic sensors and other solid-state magnetic sensors. Electromechanical magnetic sensors such as reed and micro-electromechanical system (MEMS) switches have been in use for several decades. Because our sensors have no moving parts, we believe they are inherently more reliable than electromechanical magnetic sensors. We also believe our sensors are smaller than the smallest electromechanical magnetic sensors, more precise in their magnetic switch points, and more sensitive. Compared to other solid-state sensors, our medical sensors may have advantages in size, sensitivity to small magnetic fields, or electrical interface simplicity. Coupler Competition Competing coupler technologies include optical couplers, inductive couplers (transformers), capacitive couplers, and radio-frequency modulation couplers. Our strategy is to compete based on product features rather than to compete solely on price. Our couplers are smaller and therefore require less circuit board space per channel than most competing couplers. Our other advantages over competing technologies may include smaller size, higher immunity to transients, and longer product life. MRAM Competition Several emerging technologies could compete with MRAM. Sources and Availability of Raw Materials Our principal sources of raw materials include suppliers of raw silicon and semiconductor foundry wafers that are incorporated into our products, and suppliers of device packaging services. Our wafer sources are based around the world; most o