ITEM 1A.    Risk Factors.

The following are certain risks that could affect our business, financial position and results of operations. These risks should be considered in connection with evaluating an investment in our company and, in particular, together with the forward-looking statements contained in this Report because these risks could cause the actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These factors are neither presented in order of importance nor weighted. Additionally, there are other risks which could impact us that we may not describe, because we currently do not perceive them to be material or because they are presently unknown. If any of these risks develops into actual events, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected, the market price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update or revise any risk factors, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.

Risk Factors Related to our Operations

People - If we cannot continue to hire and retain high quality employees, our business and financial results may be negatively affected. 

Our operating results could be adversely affected by increased competition for employees, difficulty in recruiting employees, higher employee turnover or increased compensation and benefit costs. Our employees are important to our success and we are dependent in part on our ability to retain the services of our employees in key roles. We have built our business on a set of core values, and we attempt to hire and retain employees who are committed to these values and our culture of providing exceptional service to our channel sales partners and suppliers. In order to compete and to continue to grow, we must attract, retain and motivate employees, including those in executive, senior management, sales, marketing, logistics, technical support and other operating positions. 

Many of our employees work in small teams to provide specific services to channel sales partners and suppliers. They are trained to develop their knowledge of products, services, programs and practices and channel sales partners business needs, as well as to enhance the skills required to provide exceptional service and to manage our business. As they gain experience and develop their knowledge and skills, our employees become highly desired by other businesses. Therefore, to retain our employees and attract new ones, we have to provide a satisfying work environment and competitive compensation and benefits.

Acquisitions - Our growth strategy includes acquisitions of companies that complement or expand our existing business. Acquisitions involve unique risks and uncertainties, including difficulty in identifying and completing potential acquisitions.

We have acquired, and may continue to acquire, companies that complement or expand our existing business in the United States and internationally, and some of these acquisitions may be in business lines where we have little, if any, experience.  Acquisitions entail a number of risks, including that the acquired company will not perform as expected and that we will be responsible for unexpected costs or liabilities.  In addition, increases in the size and complexity of our business may place a significant strain on our management, operations, technical performance, financial resources and internal financial control and reporting functions, and there are no assurances that we will be able to manage the acquisition process or newly acquired companies effectively. 

Our personnel, systems, procedures and controls may not be adequate to effectively manage our future operations, especially as we employ personnel in multiple domestic and some international locations. We may not be able to hire, train, retain and 

Index to Financial Statements

manage the personnel required to address our growth. Failure to effectively manage our acquisition opportunities could damage our reputation, limit our future growth, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.

We may be unable to identify acquisitions or strategic relationships we deem suitable. Even if we do, we may be unable to successfully complete any such transactions on favorable terms or at all, or to successfully integrate an acquired business, facilities, technologies, or products into our business or retain any key personnel, suppliers, or channel sales partners. Furthermore, even if we complete such transactions and effectively integrate the newly acquired business or strategic alliance into our existing operations, we may fail to realize the anticipated returns and/or fail to capture the expected benefits, such as strategic or operational synergies or cost savings.

Organic growth strategies - If we fail to effectively manage and implement our operating strategies, we may experience a negative effect on our business and financial results.

A significant component of our growth strategy is to expand our channels and expand our existing products and services in our existing channels and entry into new channels. These efforts may divert our resources and systems, require additional resources that might not be available (or available on acceptable terms), result in new or more intense competition, require longer implementation times or greater expenditures than anticipated and otherwise fail to achieve timely desired results, if at all. If we are unable to increase our sales and earnings by expanding our product and service offerings in a cost-effective manner, our results may suffer.

Our ability to successfully manage our organic growth will require continued enhancement of our operational, managerial and financial resources, controls, and models. Our failure to effectively manage our organic growth could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

IT Systems - Our ability to manage our business and monitor results is highly dependent upon information and communication systems. A failure of these systems could disrupt our business. 

We are highly dependent upon a variety of computer and telecommunication systems to operate our business, including our enterprise resource planning systems. As we are dependent upon our ability to gather and promptly transmit accurate information to key decision makers, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected if our information systems do not allow us to transmit accurate information, even for a short period of time. Failure to properly or adequately address these issues could impact our ability to perform necessary business operations, which could adversely affect our reputation, competitive position, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, the information systems of companies we acquire may not meet our standards or we may not be able to successfully convert them to provide acceptable information on a timely and cost-effective basis. Furthermore, we must attract and retain qualified people to operate our systems, expand and improve them, integrate new programs effectively with our existing programs and convert to new systems efficiently when required. Any disruption to our business due to such issues, or an increase in our costs to cover these issues, could have an adverse effect on our financial results and operations. 

Our channel sales partners rely on our electronic ordering, information systems and website for product information, including availability, pricing and placing orders. A ransomware incident in 2023 disrupted our systems, and there can be no assurance that our systems will not fail or experience disruptions again in the future. Any significant failure or disruption of these systems could prevent us from making sales, ordering and delivering products and otherwise conducting our business.

Supply Chain issues, include a shortage of products, may increase our costs or cause a delay in fulfilling channel sales partner orders, completing services or purchasing products and services needed to support our internal operations, resulting in an adverse impact on our financial results.

Our business depends on the timely supply of products in order to meet the demands of our channel sales partners.

Manufacturing interruptions or delays, including as a result of the financial instability or bankruptcy of manufacturers, significant labor disputes such as strikes, natural disasters, political or social unrest, pandemics or other public health crises or other adverse occurrences affecting any of our suppliers’ facilities, could further disrupt our supply chain. We could experience product constraints due to the failure of suppliers to accurately forecast channel sales partner demand or to manufacture 

Index to Financial Statements

sufficient quantities of product to meet channel sales partner demand (including as a result of shortages of product components), among other reasons.

Our supply chain is also exposed to risks related to international operations. While we purchase our products primarily in the markets we serve (for example, products for United States channel sales partners are primarily sourced in the United States), our suppliers manufacture or purchase a significant portion of the products we sell outside of the United States, primarily in Asia. Political, social or economic instability in Asia, or in other regions in which our suppliers purchase or manufacture the products we sell, could cause disruptions in trade, including exports to the United States.

Supply chain issues, including a shortage of technology products and available services, may increase our costs or cause a delay in purchasing technology products needed to support our internal systems and infrastructure or operations, resulting in an impact on our operations and availability of our systems, which could result in a materially adverse effect on our operations and financial results.

Credit exposure - We have credit exposure to our channel sales partners. Any adverse trends or significant adverse incidents in their businesses could cause us to suffer credit losses.

As is customary in our industry, we extend credit to our channel sales partners, and most of our sales are on open accounts. We also provide financing to some Intelisys advisors based on their future commission flows. As we grow and compete for business, our typical payment terms tend to get longer, increasing our credit risk. 

While we evaluate our channel sales partners' qualifications for credit and monitor our extensions of credit, these efforts cannot prevent all credit losses and any credit losses negatively impact our performance. In addition, for financial reporting purposes, we estimate future credit losses and establish reserves. To the extent that our credit losses exceed those reserves, our financial performance will be negatively impacted beyond what is expected. If there is deterioration in the collectability of our receivables, or if we fail to take other actions to adequately mitigate such credit risk, our earnings, cash flows and our ability to utilize receivable-based financing could deteriorate. 

In addition, extending credit to international channel sales partners involves additional risks. It is often more difficult to evaluate credit risk with a channel sales partner or obtain credit protections in our international operations. Also, credit cycles and collection periods are typically longer in our international operations. As a result of these factors and other challenges in extending credit to international channel sales partners, we generally face greater credit risk from international sales compared to domestic sales. 

Reliance on third parties - We are dependent on third parties for some services, including the delivery of a majority of our products, logistics and warehousing. Changes in shipping terms or the failure or inability of our third-party shippers to perform could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations.

We rely on third parties to perform certain services for our business and for our channel sales partners, which, if not performed by these third parties in accordance with the terms of the arrangement, could result in significant disruptions or costs to our organization, including monetary damages and an adverse effect on our channel sales partner relationships.  

In particular, we are dependent upon major shipping companies, including FedEx and UPS, for the shipment of our products to and from our centralized warehouses. Changes in shipping terms, or the inability of these third-party shippers to perform effectively, could affect our responsiveness to our channel sales partners. From time to time, we have experienced significant increases in shipping costs due to increases in fuel costs and transit losses due to a congested supply chain. Increases in our shipping costs or transit losses may adversely affect our financial results if we are unable to pass on these higher costs to our channel sales partners.

In Brazil, we use third parties to provide warehousing and logistics services in order to provide cost-effective operations and scale in certain regions. The failure or inability of one or more of these third parties to deliver products from suppliers to us, or products from us to our channel sales partners, for any reason could disrupt our business and harm our reputation and operating results. We work closely with our third-party logistics and warehousing providers to anticipate issues, and also review public information regarding their financial health. However, issues may not be timely identified, which may lead to lack of or poor execution of services, loss or litigation. Additionally, deterioration of the financial condition of our logistical and warehousing 

11



providers could result in delayed responsiveness or delivery failure, which would ultimately affect our responsiveness to our channel sales partners and thus may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Inventory - The value of our inventory may be adversely affected by market and other factors.

Our business, like that of other distributors, is subject to the risk that the value of our inventory will be adversely affected by price reductions by manufacturers, by technological changes affecting the usefulness or desirability of our products or by foreign currency fluctuations. Some of our supplier agreements and certain manufacturers’ policies have some price protection and stock rotation opportunities with respect to slow-moving or obsolete inventory items; however, these protections are becoming less standard, subject to change, limited in scope and do not protect against all declines in inventory value, excess inventory, or product obsolescence, and in some instances we may not be able to fulfill all necessary conditions or successfully manage such price protection or stock rotation opportunities. In addition, these protections are not always reflected in supplier agreements and their application in a particular situation is dependent upon negotiations with our suppliers. As a result, we are required to write down the value of excess and obsolete inventory, and should any of these write-downs occur at a significant level, they could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Suppliers - Changes to supply agreement terms or lack of product availability from our suppliers could adversely affect our operating margins, revenue or the level of capital required to fund our operations.

Our future success is highly dependent on our relationships with our suppliers. A significant percentage of our net sales relates to products we purchase from relatively few suppliers, including Cisco and Zebra. As a result of such concentration risk, terminations of supply or services agreements or a change in terms or conditions of sale from one or more of our key suppliers could adversely affect our operating margins, revenue or the level of capital required to fund our operations. Our suppliers have the ability to make adverse changes in their sales terms and conditions, such as reducing the level of purchase discounts and rebates they make available to us. In addition, our supplier agreements typically are short-term and may be terminated without cause on short notice. We have no guaranteed price or delivery agreements with our suppliers. In certain product categories, limited price protection or return rights offered by our suppliers may have a bearing on the amount of product we are willing to stock. Our inability to pass through to our channel sales partners the impact of these changes, as well as if we fail to develop or maintain systems to manage ongoing supplier programs, could cause us to record inventory write-downs or other losses and could have significant negative impact on our gross margins.

We receive purchase discounts and rebates from some suppliers based on various factors, including goals for quantitative and qualitative sales or purchase volume and channel sales partner related metrics. Certain purchase discounts and rebates may affect gross margins. Many purchase discounts from suppliers are based on percentage increases in sales of products. Our operating results could be adversely impacted if these rebates or discounts are reduced or eliminated or if our suppliers significantly increase the complexity of their refund procedures and thus increase costs for us to obtain such rebates. 

Our ability to obtain particular products or product lines in the required quantities and our ability to fulfill channel sales partner orders on a timely basis is critical to our success. Our suppliers have experienced product supply shortages from time to time due to the inability of certain of their suppliers to supply products on a timely basis. Specifically, shortages of computer chips may lead to product constraints and adversely affect our sales volumes and product availability. In addition, our dependence on a limited number of suppliers leaves us vulnerable to having an inadequate supply of required products, price increases, late deliveries and poor product quality. As a result, we have experienced, and may in the future continue to experience, short-term shortages of specific products or be unable to purchase our desired volume of products. Suppliers that currently distribute their products through us, may decide to shift to or substantially increase their existing distribution with other distributors, their own dealer networks, or directly to resellers or end users. Suppliers have, from time to time, made efforts to reduce the number of distributors with which they do business. This could result in more intense competition as distributors strive to secure distribution rights with these suppliers, which could have an adverse impact on our operating results. We cannot provide any assurances that suppliers will maintain an adequate supply of products to fulfill all of our channel sales partner orders on a timely basis. Our reputation, sales and profitability may suffer if suppliers are not able to provide us with an adequate supply of products to fulfill our channel sales partner orders on a timely basis or if we cannot otherwise obtain particular products or product lines. 

Increasingly, our suppliers are combining and merging, leaving us with fewer alternative sources. Supplier consolidation may also lead to changes in the nature and terms of relationships with our suppliers. In addition, suppliers may face liquidity or 

12



solvency issues that in turn could negatively affect our business and operating results. Any loss or deterioration of a major supplier relationship could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Channel Sales Partners - We operate in a highly competitive environment and good channel sales partner relations are critical to our success. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain and expand our channel sales partner relationships or acquire new channel sales partners.

Meeting our channel sales partners’ needs quickly and fairly is critical to our business success. Transactions with our channel sales partners generally are performed on a purchase order basis rather than under long term supply agreements. Therefore, our channel sales partners can choose to purchase from other sources, such as from competing distributor or directly from the supplier. From time to time, we experience shortages in availability of some products from suppliers, and this impacts channel sales partner decisions regarding whether to make purchases from us. Anything that negatively influences channel sales partner relations can also negatively impact our operating results. As a distributor in a channel business model our offerings could create channel conflict, and the channel programs offered by our supplier can change. These perceived channel conflicts and channel programs could impact our channel sales partner relationships and negatively impact our operating results and our ability to retain channel sales partners.

Channel sales partner consolidation also may lead to changes in the nature and terms of relationships with our channel sales partners. The loss or deterioration of a major channel sales partner relationship could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Economic recession, higher interest rates and inflation could result in some of our channel sales partners shuttering their businesses, thus negatively impacting our business.

Liquidity and capital resources - Market factors and our business performance may increase the cost and decrease the availability of capital. Additional capital may not be available to us on acceptable terms to fund our working capital needs and growth.

Our business requires significant levels of capital to finance accounts receivable and product inventory that is not financed by trade creditors. We have an increased demand for capital when our business is expanding, including through acquisitions and organic growth. Changes in payment terms with either suppliers or channel sales partners could also increase our capital requirements. We have historically relied on cash generated from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and secured and unsecured borrowings to satisfy our capital needs and to finance growth. While we believe our existing sources of liquidity will provide sufficient resources to meet our current working capital and cash requirements, if we require an increase in capital to meet our future business needs or if we are unable to comply with covenants under our borrowings, such capital may not be available to us on terms acceptable to us, or at all. We have a multi-currency senior secured credit facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., as administrative agent, and a syndicate of banks (the “Amended Credit Agreement”). The Amended Credit Agreement includes customary representations, warranties and affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants such as a Leverage Ratio and Interest Coverage Ratio (each as such term is defined in the Amended Credit Agreement). In the event of a default, customary remedies are available to the lenders, including acceleration and increased interest rates.

In addition, the cost of borrowings under our existing sources of capital and any potential new sources of capital as a result of variable interest rates may increase, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. Changes in how lenders rate our credit worthiness, as well as macroeconomic factors such as an economic downturn, inflation, rising interest rates and global economic instability may restrict our ability to raise capital in adequate amounts or on terms acceptable to us, and the failure to do so could harm our ability to operate our business.

In addition, our cash and cash equivalents are deposited with various financial institutions located in the various countries in which we operate. We endeavor to monitor these financial institutions regularly for credit quality; however, we are exposed to risk of loss on such funds or we may experience significant disruptions in our liquidity needs if one or more of these financial institutions were to fail or suffer bankruptcy or similar restructuring.

Litigation - We routinely are involved in litigation that can be costly and lead to adverse results.

In the ordinary course of our business, we are involved in a wide range of disputes, some of which result in litigation. We are routinely involved in litigation related to commercial disputes surrounding our business activities, intellectual property disputes, employment disputes and accounts receivable collection activity.  In addition, as a public company with a large shareholder 

13



base, we are susceptible to class-action lawsuits and other litigation resulting from disclosures that we or our officers and directors make (or do not make) and our other activities. Litigation is expensive to bring and defend, and the outcome of litigation can be adverse and significant. Not all adverse outcomes can be anticipated, and applicable accounting rules do not always require or permit the establishment of a reserve until a final result has occurred or becomes probable and estimable. In some instances we are insured or indemnified for the potential losses; in other instances we are not. An uninsured, under-insured or non-indemnified adverse outcome in significant litigation could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We can make no assurances that we will ultimately be successful in any dispute to which we are a party. See Item 3. “Legal Proceedings” for further discussion of our material legal matters.

Fair value measurement of goodwill and other intangible assets - Changes in the fair value of the assets and liabilities measured at fair value could have a significant effect on our reported earnings.

We have substantial goodwill.  On at least an annual basis, we are required to assess our goodwill and other intangible assets, including but not limited to customer relationships, trademarks and trade names, for impairment. This includes continuously monitoring events and circumstances that could trigger an impairment test outside of our annual impairment testing date in the fourth quarter of each year, such as significant or sustained declines in the price of our common stock, substantial declines in business performance or changes in business management and strategy. Testing goodwill and other intangibles for impairment requires the use of significant estimates and other inputs outside of our control. If the carrying value of goodwill in any of our goodwill reporting units or other intangible assets is determined to exceed their respective fair values, we may be required to record significant impairment charges. In addition, our decision to dispose of certain of our operations has in the past and may in the future require us to recognize an impairment to the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets attendant to those operations. Heightened volatility in the securities markets caused by macroeconomic factors, changes in U.S. trade policy, geopolitical tensions and other factors outside of our control could also lead to impairment charges. Any declines resulting in a goodwill impairment or long-lived asset impairment may result in material non-cash charges to our earnings. Impairment charges would also reduce our consolidated shareholders' equity and increase our debt-to-total-capitalization ratio, which could negatively impact our credit rating and access to the public debt and equity markets. 

International operations - Our international operations expose us to risks that are different from, and possibly greater than, the risks we are exposed to domestically.

We currently have significant facilities outside the United States. For fiscal year ending June 30, 2025, approximately 7.9% of our revenue was derived from our operations outside of the United States and Canada. These operations are subject to a variety of risks that are different from the risks that we face domestically or are similar risks but with potentially greater exposure. These risks include:

•Fluctuations of foreign currency and exchange rates, which can impact sales, costs of goods sold and the reporting of our results from operations and financial conditions, including the value of certain assets on our financial statements;

•Changes in international trade laws, trade agreements, or trading relationships affecting our import and export activities, including export license requirements, restrictions on the export of certain technology and tariff changes (including additional or retaliatory tariffs), or the imposition of new or increased trade sanctions; 

•Difficulties in collecting accounts receivable and longer collection periods;

•Changes in, or expiration of, various foreign incentives that provide economic benefits to us;

•Labor laws or practices that impact our ability and costs to hire, retain and discharge employees;

•Difficulties in staffing and managing operations in foreign countries;

•Changes in the interpretation and enforcement of laws (in particular related to items such as duty and taxation), and laws related to data privacy and other similar privacy laws that impact our IT systems and processes;

•Global economic and financial market instability;

•Potential political and economic instability and changes in governments;

•Compliance with foreign and domestic import and export regulations and anti-corruption laws, including the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws of other jurisdictions, governing our business activities outside the United States, the violation of which could result in severe penalties, including monetary fines, criminal proceedings and suspension of export or import privileges; and

•Terrorist or military actions that result in destruction or seizure of our assets or suspension or disruption of our operations or those of our channel sales partners, suppliers or service providers. 

14



We have substantial operations in Brazil and face risks related to Brazil's complex tax, labor, trade compliance and consumer protection laws and regulations. Additionally, developing markets such as Brazil have greater political volatility and vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions, are more likely to experience market and interest rate fluctuations and may have higher inflation. In addition, doing business in foreign countries such as Brazil poses additional challenges, such as finding and retaining qualified employees, particularly management-level employees, navigating underdeveloped infrastructure and identifying and retaining qualified suppliers, resellers, advisors and service providers, among other risks. Furthermore, in developing markets, such as Brazil, it may be common for others to engage in business practices prohibited by laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or similar local anti-bribery laws. Our commitment to legal compliance could put us at a competitive disadvantage, and any lapses in our compliance could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

In 2025, the U.S. announced a variety of additional tariffs on goods from multiple nations and trading blocks and has been targeted with reciprocal tariffs and other retaliatory actions in response.  Although the implementation of many of these tariffs and retaliatory measures have been paused or delayed, negotiations and the state of international trade policy and relations continue to evolve. Additional tariffs, or the uncertainty around such tariffs, may cause disruptions to foreign and domestic supply chains or result in price increases. We have incurred, and expect to continue to occur, costs as it relates to these tariffs for the remainder of fiscal 2025 and the foreseeable future. We expect to continue to pass any price increases from our suppliers from tariffs to our channel sales partners, which may reduce demand. However, we cannot predict the ultimate impact of tariffs and their effects on the global macroeconomic environment on our financial condition or results of operations.

In addition, competition in Brazil is increasing. If we cannot successfully increase our business, our product sales, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Quarterly fluctuations - Our net sales and operating results are dependent on several factors. Our net sales will fluctuate from quarter to quarter, and these fluctuations may cause volatility in our stock price.

Our net sales and operating results may fluctuate quarterly and, as a result, our performance in one period may vary significantly from our performance in the preceding quarter, and may differ significantly from our performance forecast from quarter to quarter. The impact of these variances may cause volatility in our stock price. Additionally, any past financial performance should not be considered an indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in the future as our operating results may fluctuate significantly quarter to quarter. The results of any quarterly period are not indicative of results to be expected for a full fiscal year.  

Centralized functions - We have centralized several functions to provide efficient support to our business. As a result, a loss or reduction of use of one of our locations could have an adverse effect on our business operations and financial results.

In order to be as efficient as possible, we centralize a number of critical functions. For instance, we currently distribute products to the majority of North America from a single warehouse in Southaven, Mississippi. Similarly, for our primary business operations, we utilize a single information system based in the United States for the majority of our North American operations, while our Brazilian operations utilize a separate system. While we have backup systems and business continuity plans, any significant or lengthy interruption of our ability to provide these centralized functions as a result of natural disasters, prolonged inclement weather, security breaches (including cyberattacks) or otherwise would significantly impair our ability to continue normal business operations. In addition, the centralization of these functions increases our exposure to local risks, such as the availability of qualified employees and increased competition for, or lack of access to, critical services, such as freight and communications. 

Risk Factors Related to our Industry

Competition - We experience intense competition in all our markets. This competition could result in reduced margins and loss of our market share.

Our markets are fiercely competitive. We compete on the basis of price, product and service availability, speed and accuracy of delivery, effectiveness of sales and marketing programs, credit availability and terms, ability to tailor solutions to the needs of our channel sales partners, quality and breadth of product line and services and availability of technical and product information. Our competitors include local, regional, national and international distributors as well as hardware and service suppliers that sell directly to resellers and to end users. In addition, we compete with resellers and technology solutions 

15



distributors that sell to franchisees, third-party dealers and end users. Certain of our current competitors have, and potential competitors could have, greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we have and may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in channel sales partner requirements. Also, certain regional competitors, that are specialty two-tier or mixed model master resellers may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in channel sales partner requirements in their regions. Competition has increased for our sales units as broad-line and other value-added distributors have entered into the specialty technology markets. Such competition could result in price reductions, reduced margins and loss of our market share. 

As a result of intense price competition in our industry, our gross margins and our operating profit margins historically have been narrow, and we expect them to continue to be narrow in the future. To remain competitive, we may be forced to offer more credit or extend payment terms to our channel sales partners. This could result in an increase in our capital requirements, increase our financing costs, bad debt expenses and could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We may lose market share, reduce our prices in response to actions of our competitors, or withdraw from geographical markets where we do not believe we can earn appropriate margins. We expect continued intense competition as current competitors expand their operations and new competitors enter the market. Our inability to compete successfully against current and future competitors could cause our revenue and earnings to decline. 

Disruptive technology - We may not be able to respond and adapt to rapid technological changes, evolving industry standards or changing channel sales partner needs or requirements, and thus may become less competitive.

The market for some of our products and services is subject to rapid technological change, evolving industry standards and changes in channel sales partner demand, which can contribute to a decline in value or obsolescence of inventory.  Although some of our suppliers provide us with certain protections from a loss in value of inventory (such as price protection and certain return rights), we cannot be sure that such protections will fully compensate for any loss in value, or that such suppliers will choose to, or be able to, honor such agreements. 

Our ability and our suppliers’ ability to anticipate and react quickly to new technology trends, including artificial intelligence developments, and channel sales partner requirements is crucial to our overall success, financial condition and results of operations. If our suppliers fail to evolve their product and service offerings, or if we fail to evolve our product and service offerings or to engage with desirable suppliers in time to respond to, and remain ahead of, new technological developments, our ability to retain or increase market share, profit margins and revenue could be adversely affected. Some of our competitors and our suppliers’ competitors may be better at adapting to disruptive technology or entering new markets.  Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to adapt and manage our product and service offerings to meet channel sales partner needs at prices that our channel sales partners are willing to pay. 

General Risk Factors

Cybersecurity risk - Ransomware or other cyberattacks, could cause us to lose valuable financial and operational data, we could be prevented from processing channel sales partner orders, ordering and tracking inventory, and efficiently operating our business, and could cause us to lose revenue and profits and incur significant costs. In addition, we could be subject to legal claims in the event of loss, disclosure or misappropriation of, or loss of access to, our channel sales partners’, business partners’ or our own information.

We make extensive use of online services and integrated information systems, including through third-party service providers. The secure maintenance and transmission of channel sales partner information is a critical element of our operations. Our information technology and other systems that maintain and transmit channel sales partner or employee information or those of our service providers or business partners may be compromised by a malicious third-party penetration of network security or impacted by the advertent or inadvertent actions or inactions of our employees, third-party service providers or business partners. With constant changes in the security landscape, experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network security, or that of our third-party service providers and business partners, and misappropriate or compromise confidential information, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. As a result, our channel sales partners’ information may be lost, disclosed, accessed or taken without our channel sales partners’ consent. 

We are subject to laws and regulations relating to channel sales partner privacy and the protection of personal information. Any such loss, disclosure or misappropriation of, or access to, our channel sales partners’ or business partners’ information or our information or other data breach affecting such information can result in legal claims or legal proceedings, including regulatory 

16



investigations and actions, and may have a serious impact on our reputation and may adversely affect our businesses, operating results and financial condition. 

In May 2023, we learned that we had been the subject of a ransomware attack. The attacker encrypted files that, in turn, made certain of our systems inaccessible until they were restored. This attack interrupted our ability to accept and process orders for approximately nine business days and resulted in the disclosure on the “dark web” of various information from our systems. Upon detection, we took immediate steps to address the incident, engaged third-party experts, and notified law enforcement.  

We have taken steps to strengthen our existing IT security infrastructure and continue to implement additional measures to prevent unauthorized access to, or manipulation of, our systems and data. Although restoration is complete, there can be no assurance that we will not be a victim of a ransomware or other cyberattack again in the future.

Although we have insurance to offset financial losses incurred for events such as the ransomware attack we experienced in May 2023, there can be no guarantee that we will recover all insurance proceeds claimed or that the insurance will be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to cybersecurity breaches, cyberattacks and other related breaches. Insurance proceeds received related to the cybersecurity incident were recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses of the consolidated income statement for the relevant period.

Economic weakness - Economic weakness and uncertainty, including the possibility of recession and heightened levels of inflation, tariffs and geopolitical uncertainty could adversely affect our results and prospects.

Our financial results, operations and prospects depend significantly on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions, the demand for our products and services, and the financial condition of our channel sales partners and suppliers. The macroeconomic environment, including the economic impacts of growth outlook, inflation, tariffs and shifting relations between the U.S. and other countries, continues to create significant uncertainty and may adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. In 2025, the U.S. announced a variety of additional tariffs on goods from multiple nations and trading blocks and has been targeted with reciprocal tariffs and other retaliatory actions in response. We are actively monitoring changes to the global macroeconomic environment and assessing the potential impacts these challenges may have on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. We are also mindful of the potential impact these conditions could have on our channel sales partners, suppliers and end-user demand. We expect that any price increases from our suppliers resulting from tariffs would be passed through to our channel sales partners. We are mitigating these risks through strategic planning and maintaining financial flexibility, but we cannot predict the outcome of our mitigation strategies or the ultimate impact of tariffs and the global macroeconomic environment on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Economic weakness and geopolitical uncertainty have in the past resulted, and may result in the future, in reduced demand for products resulting in decreased sales, margins and earnings. Economic weakness and geopolitical uncertainty may also lead us to impair assets, including goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets, take restructuring actions or adjust our operating strategy and reduce expenses in response to decreased sales or margins. We may not be able to adequately adjust our cost structure in a timely fashion, which may adversely impact our profitability. Uncertainty about economic conditions also may increase foreign currency volatility in such markets, which may negatively impact our results. Economic weakness and geopolitical uncertainty also make it more difficult for us to manage inventory levels and/or collect channel sales partner receivables, which may result in provisions to create reserves, write-offs, reduced access to liquidity and higher financing costs. 

Periods of elevated inflation contribute to increased costs for labor, materials and services. Although U.S. inflation rates have shown sings of moderating, the re-emergence of high levels of inflation in the countries in which we operate could further increase our costs and otherwise adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. We monitor changes to the macroeconomic environment; however, we cannot predict any future trends in the rate of inflation or the general state of the economy.

Foreign currency - Our international operations expose us to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that could adversely affect our results of operations. 

We transact sales, pay expenses, own assets and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Volatility in foreign exchange rates increase our risk of loss related to products and services purchased in a currency other than the currency in which those products and services are sold. We maintain policies to reduce our net exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations through the use of derivative financial instruments; however, there can be no assurance that 

17



fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates will not materially affect our financial results. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate our financial statements into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during each reporting period. Therefore, increases or decreases in the exchanges rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies we transact in may positively or negatively affect our results of operations. In addition, unexpected and dramatic changes in foreign currency exchange rates may negatively affect our earnings from foreign markets. 

Increased government regulation - We may be subject to additional costs and subject to fines and penalties because certain governmental entities are end users of products that we sell.

Certain of our channel sales partners sell our products to government entities, which requires us to comply with additional laws, regulations and contractual requirements relating to how we conduct business. In complying with such laws, regulations and other requirements, we may incur additional costs. In addition, non-compliance with such laws, regulations and other requirements also may expose us to fines and penalties, including contractual damages or the loss of certain contracts or business. We also may be subject to increased scrutiny and investigation into our business practices, which may increase operating costs and increase legal liability, as well as expose us to additional reputational risk.

--- ITEM 1C ---

ITEM 1C.    Cybersecurity.

Risk Management and Strategy

Our cybersecurity risk management program is intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our critical IT systems and information. Our program is integrated into, and cybersecurity risks are among the risks evaluated and considered by, our broader enterprise risk management program, which is designed to identify, assess, prioritize and mitigate risks across the organization to enhance our resilience and support the achievement of our strategic objectives. 

Our cybersecurity risk management program is led by our Vice President of Information Security, who manages our security team that is principally responsible for managing our cybersecurity risk assessment processes, our security controls, and our detection and response to cybersecurity incidents. Our program includes protocols for preventing, detecting and responding to cybersecurity incidents; cross-functional coordination; and planning for business continuity and disaster recovery. We rely on our information security management system supported by a set of policies based upon industry frameworks, including the NIST Cybersecurity Framework. We have a Cyber Incident Response Team (“CIRT”) in place to respond to prepare appropriate responses and respond to cybersecurity threats or incidents. Components of our program include:

•risk assessments designed to help identify and assess cybersecurity threats to our critical IT systems, information, and our broader enterprise IT environment;

•monthly, mandatory cybersecurity awareness training for our employees, covering such topics such as phishing tactics, ransomware and developments in the current landscape of cyber-threats;

•assessments of and improvements to, among others, disaster recovery testing, access control, remote access, personnel security, system and communications protection, media protection, change management, data backup and recovery, audit logging, vulnerability and patch management, physical security, configuration management;

•periodic engagement of independent security firms and other third-party experts, where appropriate, to assess, test, and certify components of our cybersecurity program, and to otherwise assist with various aspects of our cybersecurity processes and controls; and

•regular assessments of the design and operational effectiveness of the program’s key processes and controls by our internal audit team with the assistance of external consultants.

Index to Financial Statements

We also have a cybersecurity incident response plan for the CIRT to assess and manage cybersecurity incidents, which includes escalation procedures based on the nature and severity of the incident including, where appropriate, escalation to the Board. 

As part of our overall risk mitigation strategy, we maintain insurance coverage that is intended to address certain aspects of cybersecurity risks; however, such insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to cybersecurity breaches, cyberattacks and other related breaches.

As of the date of this report, we do not believe that any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of the May 2023 ransomware incident or any other previous cybersecurity incidents, have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our Company, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. Despite our security measures, however, there can be no assurance that we, or third parties with which we interact, will not experience a cybersecurity incident in the future that will materially affect us. For more information on our cybersecurity related risks, see Item IA, “Risk Factors - “Cybersecurity risk.”

Governance

Our Board has primary responsibility for oversight of our cybersecurity and other information technology risks, including our plans to mitigate cybersecurity risks and to respond to data breaches.

The Board receives regular reports from our Chief Information Officer (“CIO”) on cybersecurity matters. These reports include a range of topics, including our cybersecurity risk profile, the current cybersecurity and emerging threat landscape, the status of ongoing cybersecurity initiatives, incident reports, and the results of internal and external assessments of our information systems. The Audit Committee of the Board also annually reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of our information and technology security policies and the internal controls regarding information and technology security and cybersecurity, and periodically receives updates from our internal audit function on the results of our cybersecurity audits and related mitigation activities. The Chair of the Audit Committee reports to the full Board on these discussions as appropriate. In addition, Board members periodically receive presentations on cybersecurity matters from external experts as part of the Board’s continuing education and overall risk oversight.

At the management level, our VP of Information Security leads our enterprise-wide cybersecurity program, and is responsible for assessing and managing our materials risks from cybersecurity threats. In performing his role, our VP is informed about and monitors the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity risks and incidents through the management of, and participation in, the cybersecurity risk management program and other processes described above, including the maintenance and execution of our cyber incident response plan. Our VP reports to our CIO who, in turn, reports directly to our CEO.

Our CIO and our VP of Information Security are both experienced cybersecurity executives. Our CIO has nearly 30 years of experience and has held a variety of senior information technology leadership roles at multiple Fortune 500 organizations. Our VP has more more than 20 years of experience building and leading cybersecurity, risk management, and information technology teams. Members of our security team also hold industry-recognized cybersecurity certifications, including the Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) certification.