ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY

We maintain various information security processes
designed to identify, assess and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats to our critical computer networks, third party hosted
services, communications systems, hardware and software, and our critical data, including intellectual property, strategic or competitive
in nature, and proprietary or confidential information, including clinical trial data, personal and financial information (“Information
Systems and Data”). 

Our President and Chief Executive Officer works
directly with third party service providers, as applicable, to identify, assess and manage the Company’s cybersecurity threats
and risks. In doing so, he seeks to identify and assess risks from cybersecurity threats by monitoring and evaluating our threat environment
and the Company’s risk profile using various methods including, for example, automated and manual tools, accessing reports and
services that identify cybersecurity threats, analyzing reports of threats and threat actors, evaluating the Company’s and the
industry’s risk profile, evaluating reported threats, coordinating with law enforcement relating to threats, conducting threat
assessments for internal and external threats and conducting vulnerability assessments to identify vulnerabilities.

Depending on the environment, we implement and
maintain various technical, physical, and organizational measures and processes designed to manage and mitigate material risks from cybersecurity
threats to our information systems and data.

Our assessment and management of material risks
from cybersecurity threats are integrated into the Company’s overall risk management processes. For example, our IT department works
with management to prioritize our risk management processes and mitigate cybersecurity threats that are more likely to lead to a material
impact to our business.

Governance 

Our Board of Directors addresses the Company’s
cybersecurity risk management as part of its general oversight function. The Board is responsible for overseeing Company’s cybersecurity
risk management processes, including oversight and mitigation of risks from cybersecurity threats. Our cybersecurity risk assessment and
management processes are implemented and maintained by our President and Chief Executive Officer. 

Our cybersecurity incident response and vulnerability
management processes are designed to escalate certain cybersecurity incidents to members of management and/or the Board of Directors depending
on the circumstances. The Board receives periodic reports and updates from our senior management concerning significant cybersecurity
threats and risks, and the processes that the Company has implemented to address them, when deemed appropriate.