Risk Factors

When any one or more of the following risks materialize from time to time, our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations can be materially and adversely affected, and the trading price of our common stock could decline. These risk factors do not identify all risks that we face; our operations can also be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. Due to risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, our past financial results may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. Refer also to the other information set forth in this Form 10-K, including in the MD&A and Financial Statements and Supplemental Details sections.

Changes in product demand can adversely affect our financial results. 

Demand for our products is variable and hard to predict. Our products are used in different market segments, and demand for our products varies within or among them. It is difficult to forecast these changes and their impact. For example, we expect the PC TAM to grow over time driven by factors such as a larger installed base, new platforms, shorter replacement cycles, and adoption in new markets; however, the PC industry has been highly cyclical in the past, and these growth expectations may not materialize or we may fail to capitalize on them. Changes in the demand for our products, particularly our CCG and DCG platform products, can reduce our revenue, lower our gross margin, or require us to write down the value of our assets.

Important factors that lead to variation in the demand for our products include:

▪business conditions, including downturns in the market segments in which we operate, or in global or regional economies;

▪consumer confidence, income levels, and customer capital spending, which can be impacted by changes in market conditions, including changes in government borrowing or spending, taxation, interest rates, the credit market, current or expected inflation, employment, and energy or other commodity prices;

▪geopolitical conditions, including trade policies;

▪our ability to timely introduce competitive products; 

▪competitive and pricing pressures, including new product introductions and other actions taken by competitors;

▪the level of our customers' inventories and computing capacity;

▪customer order patterns and order cancellations, including as a result of maturing product cycles for our products, customers' products, and related products such as operating system upgrade cycles; and disruptions affecting customers, such as the ongoing industry substrate and component shortages that negatively impacted demand across several of our businesses in 2021;

▪market acceptance and industry support of our products, including the introduction and availability of software and other products used together with our products; and

▪customer product needs and emerging technology trends, including changes in the levels and nature of customer and end-user computing workloads, such as work- and learn-from-home trends.

Other Key Information

Due to the complexity of our manufacturing operations, we are not always able to timely respond to fluctuations in demand and we may incur significant charges and costs. Because we own and operate high-tech fabrication facilities, our operations have high costs that are fixed or difficult to reduce in the short term, including our costs related to utilization of existing facilities, facility construction and equipment, R&D, and the employment and training of a highly skilled workforce. To the extent product demand decreases or we fail to forecast demand accurately, we could be required to write off inventory or record excess capacity charges, which would lower our gross margin. To the extent the demand decrease is prolonged, our manufacturing or assembly and test capacity could be underutilized, and we may be required to write down our long-lived assets, which would increase our expenses. We may also be required to shorten the useful lives of under-used facilities and equipment and accelerate depreciation. As we make substantial investments in increasing our manufacturing capacity as part of our IDM 2.0 strategy, these underutilization risks may be heightened.  Conversely, at times demand increases or we fail to forecast accurately or produce the mix of products demanded. To the extent we are unable to add capacity or increase production fast enough, we are at times required to make production decisions and/or are unable to fully meet market demand, which can result in a loss of revenue opportunities or market share, legal claims, and/or damage to customer relationships. 

Our IDM 2.0 investments in capacity and our process technology roadmap will require capital expenditures above our historical levels, and if demand for our IFS business grows rapidly, we anticipate that we would need to accelerate our planned investments to meet that demand. To the extent we do not generate expected cash flows, we may be required to increase our use of external funding sources to fund our investments and operations, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all. There is legislation under consideration in the US and EU to provide government funding for semiconductor manufacturing expansions in those regions, but there can be no assurance that such funding will be enacted, and there is uncertainty as to the amounts and timing of funding we may receive and as to any restrictions on recipients. To the extent such funding is below our expectations, our anticipated cash requirements would increase.  Our construction projects to expand capacity require available sources of labor, materials, and equipment. Increasing demand for such sources, including from other foundries; supply constraints, labor shortages, and other adverse market conditions; issues with permits or approvals; and other construction issues arise from time to time and can result in significant delays and increased costs for our projects.

We face significant competition. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and subject to rapid technological and market developments; changes in industry standards; changes in customer and end-user needs, expectations, and preferences; and frequent product introductions and improvements. When we do not anticipate or respond to these developments, our competitive position can weaken, and our products or technologies can become uncompetitive or obsolete. Our competitive environment has intensified, and we expect it to continue to do so in the future.

Our products primarily compete based on performance, energy efficiency, integration, ease-of-use, innovative design, features, workload optimization, price, quality, reliability, security, software ecosystem and developer support, time-to-market, reliable product roadmap execution, brand recognition, customer support and customization, and availability. The importance of these factors varies by product and market segment. For example, our competitors have introduced data center and client platform products with performance improvements and additional processor core counts that have contributed to an increasingly competitive environment. In our IOTG business, for example, interoperability, connectivity, safety, security, industrial use conditions, and long-life support are among the key competitive factors. To the extent our products do not meet our customers' requirements across these factors in an increasingly competitive landscape, our business and results of operation can be harmed.

We face intense competition across our product portfolio from companies offering platform products, such as AMD and Qualcomm; accelerator products such as GPUs, including those offered by NVIDIA; other accelerator products such as ASICs, application-specific standard products, and FPGAs; memory and storage products; connectivity and networking products; and other semiconductor products. Some of these competitors have developed or utilize competing computing architectures and platforms, such as the ARM architecture, and these architectures and platforms can produce beneficial network effects for competitors when an ecosystem of customers and application developers for such architectures and platforms grows at scale. For example, ARM-based products are being used in PCs and servers, which could lead to further development and growth of the ARM ecosystem. We also compete with internally developed semiconductors from OEMs, cloud service providers, and others, some of whom are customers. Some of these customers vertically integrate their own semiconductor designs with their software assets and/or customize their designs for specific computing workloads. For example, in 2020, Apple introduced PC products utilizing its own internally developed ARM-based semiconductor designs in place of our client CPUs, and we face increasing competition from Apple's products and ecosystem.

Most of our competitors rely on third-party foundries, such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, Ltd. (TSMC) or Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., and subcontractors for manufacture and assembly and test of their semiconductor components and products. Manufacturing process improvements introduced by TSMC have contributed, and may continue to contribute, to increasingly competitive offerings by our competitors. While we have set out a process technology roadmap to attain future process performance-per-watt parity and leadership relative to TSMC, our plans are subject to a number of risks and we could fail to realize our goals, including due to changes in competitor technology roadmaps, changes affecting our projections regarding our technology or competing technology, and the risks described in the section "We are vulnerable to product and manufacturing-related risks." As an IDM, we have higher capital expenditures and R&D spending than many of our "fabless" competitors. We also face new sources of competition as a result of changes in industry participants through, for example, acquisitions or business collaborations, as well as new entrants, including in China, which could have a significant impact on our competitive position. For example, we could face increased competition as a result of China's programs to promote a domestic semiconductor industry and supply chains.

Other Key Information

Introduction of competitive new products and technologies, aggressive pricing, and other actions taken by competitors can harm demand for our products, exert downward pricing pressure on our products, and adversely affect our business. For example, our DCG revenue and platform ASPs were negatively impacted by the competitive environment during 2021. Additionally, a number of business combinations and strategic partnerships in the semiconductor industry have occurred over the last several years, and more could occur in the future. For example, in 2020, NVIDIA announced an agreement to acquire ARM Holdings plc, and AMD announced an agreement to acquire Xilinx, Inc. Consolidation could also lead to fewer customers, partners, or suppliers, any of which could negatively affect our financial results.

If we are not able to compete effectively, our financial results will be adversely affected, including reduced revenue and gross margin, and we may be required to accelerate the write-down of the value of certain assets.

We invest significantly in R&D, and to the extent our R&D efforts are unsuccessful, our competitive position can be harmed and we may not realize a return on our investments. To compete successfully, we must maintain an effective R&D program, develop new products and manufacturing processes, and improve our existing products and processes, all ahead of competitors. We are focusing our R&D efforts across several key areas, including process and packaging technology, our xPU products and features, and software. These include ambitious initiatives, such as our unified oneAPI portfolio of developer tools. We cannot guarantee that all of these efforts will deliver the benefits we anticipate. For example, we previously experienced significant delays in the implementation of our 10nm process technology, and during 2020, we announced that our Intel 4 process technology (formerly 7nm) would be delayed relative to our prior expectations. To the extent we do not timely introduce new manufacturing process technologies that improve performance, performance per watt, and/or transistor density with sufficient manufacturing yields and operational efficiency, relative to competing foundry processes, we can face cost, product performance, and time-to-market disadvantages. In addition, we are not always able to timely or successfully develop new products, including as a result of bugs, late changes to features due to customer requests, or other design challenges. To the extent our R&D efforts do not develop new products on schedule with improvements in areas like performance, performance per watt, die utilization, and core counts, and/or with new features such as optimizations for AI and other workloads, our competitive position can be harmed. We have adopted a disaggregated design approach for some of our future products, in which different processors and components can be manufactured on different processes and connected by advanced packaging technology into a single package. This approach introduces new areas of complexity in design and manufacturability, particularly in the deployment of advanced packaging technologies, several of which are novel, have a limited manufacturing history, and/or have increased costs. Delays or failures in implementing disaggregated designs could adversely affect our ability to timely introduce competitive products. For example, adapting a processor or component design for a new or different manufacturing process involves additional R&D expense and can result in delays in the development of the associated product.

We do not expect all of our R&D investments to be successful. Some of our efforts to develop and market new products and technologies fail or fall short of our expectations, or are not well-received by customers, who may adopt competing technologies. We make significant investments in R&D, and we expect our investments to grow as we pursue our IDM 2.0 strategy. Our investments at times do not contribute to our future operating results for several years, if at all, and such contributions at times do not meet our expectations or even cover the costs of such investments. 

Our investments in new businesses, products, and technologies are inherently risky and do not always succeed. We have entered new areas and introduced new products and services as we seek to capitalize on the opportunities presented by ubiquitous computing, cloud to edge infrastructure, pervasive connectivity, and AI. In recent years, we have expanded our product offerings in areas such as discrete GPUs, mobility solutions, AI accelerators, IPU products, silicon photonics solutions, and Intel Optane technology products. As part of our IDM 2.0 strategy, we have announced plans to become a major provider of foundry capacity to manufacture semiconductors for others, establishing IFS. IFS faces competition from well-established competitors such as TSMC and Samsung, and to succeed, we will need to compete effectively across factors such as availability and time-to-market of manufacturing technology; advances in manufacturing processes in areas such as performance, performance per watt, and density; manufacturing capacity; price; ease of use; quality; yields; customer satisfaction; and ecosystem support. Our "big bets" are inherently risky and are not always successful. For example, in 2019, we exited the 5G smartphone modem business, one of our prior big bets, based on our determination that there was no clear path to profitability for the business. 

These new and developing areas and products represent a significant portion of our revenue growth opportunity, and they also introduce new sources of competition, including, in some cases, incumbent competitors with established technologies, ecosystems, and customer bases, lower prices or costs, and greater brand recognition. These developing products and market segments require significant investment, do not always grow as projected or at all, or sometimes adopt competing technologies, and we may not realize an adequate return on our investments. For example, AI and machine learning are increasingly driving innovations in technology, but if we fail to develop leading products for these workloads, or if our customers use competing technologies, we may not realize a return on our investments in these areas. Similarly, while we see significant opportunity in networking infrastructure and the distribution of computing to the network edge, we expect intense competition for this opportunity and may not succeed in our efforts. To be successful, we need to cultivate relationships with customers and partners in these market segments and continue to improve our offerings. Despite our ongoing efforts, there is no guarantee that we will achieve or maintain market demand or acceptance for our products and services in these various market segments or realize an adequate return on our investments, which could lead to impairment of assets and restructuring charges, as well as opportunity costs.

Other Key Information

52


Changes in the mix of products sold can materially impact our financial results. Our pricing and margins vary across our products and market segments due in part to marketability of our products and differences in their features or manufacturing costs. For example, our platform product offerings range from lower-priced and entry-level platforms, such as those based on Intel Atom processors, to higher-end platforms based on Intel Xeon processors. Our adjacent products also typically have significantly lower margins than our higher-priced platform products, and at times are not profitable. To the extent demand shifts from our higher-priced to lower-priced platform products in any of our market segments, or our adjacent products represent a greater share of our mix of products sold, our gross margin percentage may decrease.

We are vulnerable to product and manufacturing-related risks.

We are subject to risks associated with the development and implementation of new manufacturing technologies. Production of integrated circuits is a complex process. We are continually engaged in the development of next-generation process technologies at increasingly advanced nodes as we seek to realize the benefits of Moore's Law. Forecasting our progress and schedule for developing advanced nodes is challenging, and at times we encounter unexpected delays due to the complexity of interactions among steps in the manufacturing process, challenges in using new materials or new production equipment, and other issues. Diagnosing defects in our manufacturing processes often takes a long time, as manufacturing throughput times can delay our receipt of data about defects and the effectiveness of fixes, and defects can be more serious and difficult to resolve than initially understood. 

We are not always successful or efficient in developing or implementing new process nodes and manufacturing processes. We experienced significant delays in implementing our 10nm process technology, and in 2020, we encountered a defect mode in the development of our Intel 4 process technology (formerly 7nm) that resulted in delays relative to our prior expectations. These delays have allowed competitors using third-party foundries such as TSMC to benefit from advancements in manufacturing processes introduced ahead of us by foundries, including improvements in performance, energy efficiency, and other features, which have helped increase the competitiveness of their products. Because of these prior delays in our process technologies, we may experience greater adverse competitive impacts in the event of delays in the development of future manufacturing process technologies and products. 

Our efforts to innovate involve significant expense and carry inherent risks, including difficulties in designing and developing next-generation process and packaging technologies, and investments in manufacturing assets and facilities that are made years in advance of the technology introduction. We cannot guarantee that we will realize the expected benefits of next-generation process technologies, including the expected cost, performance, power, and density advantages, or that we will achieve an adequate return on our capital and R&D investments, particularly as development of new nodes has grown increasingly expensive. In such circumstances, we may be required to write down the value of some of our manufacturing assets and facilities, increasing our expenses.

Risks inherent in the development of next-generation process technologies include production timing delays, lower-than-anticipated manufacturing yields, longer manufacturing throughput times, failure to achieve expected performance, power, and area improvements, and product defects and errata. Production timing delays have at times caused us to miss customer product design windows, which can result in lost revenue opportunities and damage to our customer relationships. Furthermore, when the introduction of next-generation process nodes is delayed, adding cores or other competitive features to our products can result in larger die size products, manufacturing supply constraints, and increased product costs. Lower manufacturing yields and longer manufacturing throughput times, compared to previous process nodes, can increase our product costs and adversely affect our gross margins, and can contribute to manufacturing supply constraints. A new process node typically has higher costs compared to a mature node due to factors that include higher depreciation costs and lower yields, and costs and yields at times do not improve at the same rate as on prior nodes. As the die size of our products has increased and our manufacturing process nodes have shrunk, our products and manufacturing processes have grown increasingly complex and more susceptible to product defects and errata, which at times also contribute to production timing delays and lower yields.

From time to time, disruptions in the production process result from errors, defects in materials, delays in obtaining or revising permits and licenses, interruptions in our supply of materials, resources, or production equipment, adverse changes in equipment productivity, and disruptions at our fabrication and assembly and test facilities due to accidents, maintenance issues, power interruptions, equipment malfunctions, or unsafe working conditions—all of which could affect the timing of production ramps and yields. Production issues periodically lead to increased costs and affect our ability to meet product demand, which can adversely impact our business and the results of operations. In addition, delays in our product introductions can cause us to become less competitive and lose revenue opportunities, and our gross margin could be adversely affected because we incur significant costs up front in the product development stage and earn revenue to offset these costs over time.

We face supply chain risks. We have a highly complex global supply chain composed of thousands of suppliers. These suppliers provide direct materials for our production processes; supply tools, equipment, and IP for our factories; deliver logistics and packaging services; and supply software, lab and office equipment, and other goods and services used in our business. We also rely on suppliers to provide certain components for our products and to manufacture and assemble and test some of our components and products. From time to time we are negatively impacted by supply chain issues, including the following:

▪suppliers extending lead times, experiencing capacity constraints, limiting or canceling supply, allocating supply to other customers including competitors, delaying or canceling deliveries, or increasing prices;

▪supplier quality issues;

▪cybersecurity events, IP or other litigation, manmade or natural disasters, operational failures, or other events that disrupt suppliers;

▪long lead times to qualify alternate or additional suppliers, or the unavailability of qualified alternate suppliers; and

Other Key Information

53


▪increased regulation or stakeholder expectations regarding responsible sourcing practices, or supplier conduct that does not meet such standards, which can cause our compliance costs to increase or result in publicity that negatively affects our reputation.

These and other supply chain issues can increase our costs, disrupt or reduce our production, delay our product shipments, prevent us from meeting customer demand, and damage our customer relationships. They may keep us from successfully implementing our business strategy and can materially harm our business, competitive position, results of operation, and financial condition. From time to time, our customers experience disruptions or shortages in their own supply chains that constrain their demand for our products. During 2021, the semiconductor industry experienced widespread shortages of substrates and other components and available foundry manufacturing capacity, and we anticipate that such shortages will continue in 2022. These shortages have limited our ability to supply customer demand in certain of our businesses, such as for our PSG products, and have adversely affected customer demand for our products, including in our CCG and DCG businesses, as some customers have been unable to procure sufficient quantities of third-party components used together with our products to produce finished systems. It is difficult to predict the future impact of these ongoing shortages.

To obtain future supply of certain materials and components, particularly substrates, and third-party foundry manufacturing capacity, we have increasingly entered into arrangements with some of our suppliers that involve long-term purchase commitments and/or large prepayments. These arrangements could still prove inadequate to meet our requirements, or our suppliers may fail to deliver committed volumes on time or at all, or their financial condition may deteriorate. If future customer demand over the horizon of these arrangements falls below our expectations, we could have excess or obsolete inventory, unneeded capacity, and increased costs, and our prepayments may not be fully utilized, and in some cases may not be fully recoverable. 

We utilize third-party foundries and component suppliers to manufacture or supply certain components and products for areas such as networking, communications, graphics, programmable semiconductor solutions, and memory. As part of our IDM 2.0 strategy, we expect to increase our use of third-party foundries for manufacturing, which will include modular tiles manufactured on advanced foundry process technologies for use in our core computing offerings. Delays in the development of foundries’ future manufacturing processes could delay the introduction of products or components we design for such processes, and insufficient foundry capacity could prevent us from meeting customer demand. We typically have less control over delivery schedules, design and manufacturing co-optimization, manufacturing yields, quality, product quantities, and costs for components and products that are manufactured by third parties. 

Where possible, we seek to have several sources of supply. However, for certain components, services, materials, and equipment, we rely on a single or a limited number of suppliers, or upon suppliers in a single location. For example, ASML is currently the sole supplier of EUV photolithography tools that we will be deploying in our Intel 4 and other future manufacturing process nodes. These tools are highly complex to develop and produce, and increasingly costly, and from time to time there are increases in lead times or delays in their development and availability, which could delay the development or ramp of our future process nodes. As a further example, a limited number of third-party foundries offer leading-edge manufacturing processes, and these providers are geographically concentrated in Asia. Supplier consolidation or business failures can also reduce the pool of qualified suppliers. Sole- or limited-source suppliers can impact the nature, quality, availability, and pricing of the products and services available to us and intensify the other risks described in this risk factor.

Our disaggregated design strategy introduces additional production risks. Our disaggregated design strategy poses increased logistical risks and challenges, particularly where we decide to manufacture different product components on different process technologies, including third-party foundries' process technologies. To combine components in a single package, they need to be manufactured on a timely basis and in sufficient quantities, while the manufacturing processes we utilize may have differing yields, throughput times, and capacity constraints. We may be required to safely store some components pending the manufacture of others. Delays or quality issues with one component could limit our ability to manufacture the entire completed product. In addition, the packaging technologies used to combine these components can increase our costs and may introduce additional complexity and quality issues. To the extent we are unable to manage these risks, our ability to timely supply competitive products can be harmed and our costs could increase.

We are subject to the risks of product defects, errata, or other product issues. From time to time, we identify product defects, errata (deviations from published specifications), and other product issues, which can result from problems in our product design or our manufacturing and assembly and test processes. Components and products we purchase or license from third-party suppliers, or gain through acquisitions, can also contain defects. Product issues also sometimes result from the interaction between our products and third-party products and software. We face risks if products that we design, manufacture, or sell, or that include our technology, cause personal injury or property damage, even where the cause is unrelated to product defects or errata. These risks may increase as our products are introduced into new devices, market segments, technologies, or applications, including transportation, autonomous driving, healthcare, communications, financial services, and other industrial, critical infrastructure, and consumer uses. 

Costs from defects, errata, or other product issues could include:

▪writing off some or all of the value of inventory;

▪recalling products that have been shipped;

▪providing product replacements or modifications;

▪providing consideration to customers, including reimbursement for certain costs they incur;

▪defending against litigation and/or paying resulting damages; and

▪paying fines imposed by regulatory agencies.

Other Key Information

54


These costs could be large and may increase expenses and lower gross margin, and/or result in delay or loss of revenue. Mitigation techniques designed to address product issues, including software and firmware updates, are not always available on a timely basis—or at all—and do not always operate as intended or effectively resolve such issues for all applications. We and third parties, such as hardware and software vendors, make prioritization decisions about which product issues to address, which can delay, limit, or prevent development or deployment of a mitigation and harm our reputation and result in costs. Product defects, errata, or other product issues and/or mitigation techniques can result in product failures, adverse performance and power effects, reboots, system instability or unavailability, loss of functionality, data loss or corruption, unpredictable system behavior, decisions by customers and end users to limit or change the applications in which they use our products or product features, and other issues. Product issues can damage our reputation, negatively affect product demand, delay product releases or deployment, result in legal liability, or make our products less competitive, which could harm our business and financial results. Subsequent events or new information can develop that changes our assessment of the impact of a product issue. In addition, our liability insurance coverage has certain exclusions or may not adequately cover liabilities incurred. Our insurance providers may be unable or unwilling to pay a claim, and losses not covered by insurance could be large, which could harm our financial condition.

We face risks related to security vulnerabilities in our products. We or third parties regularly identify security vulnerabilities with respect to our processors and other products, as well as the operating systems and workloads that run on them and the components that interact with them. Components and IP we purchase or license from third parties for use in our products, as well as industry-standard specifications we implement in our products, are also regularly subject to security vulnerabilities. Our processors and other products are being used in application areas that create new or increased cybersecurity and privacy risks, including applications that gather and process large amounts of data, such as the cloud or Internet of Things, and critical infrastructure and automotive applications. The security vulnerabilities identified in our processors include a category known as side-channel vulnerabilities, such as the variants referred to as "Spectre" and "Meltdown." Additional categories and variants have been identified and are expected to continue to be identified. Publicity about these and other security vulnerabilities has resulted in, and is expected to continue to result in, increased attempts by third parties to identify additional vulnerabilities. Security and manageability features in our products cannot make our products absolutely secure, and these features themselves are subject to vulnerabilities and attempts by third parties to identify additional vulnerabilities. Vulnerabilities are not always mitigated before they become known. We, our customers, and the users of our products do not always promptly learn of or have the ability to fully assess the magnitude or effects of a vulnerability, including the extent, if any, to which a vulnerability has been exploited. Subsequent events or new information can develop that changes our assessment of the impact of a security vulnerability, including additional information learned as we develop and deploy mitigations or updates, become aware of additional variants, evaluate the competitiveness of existing and new products, and address future warranty or other claims or customer satisfaction considerations, as well as developments in the course of any litigation or regulatory inquiries or actions over these matters.

Mitigation techniques designed to address security vulnerabilities, including software and firmware updates or other preventative measures, are not always available on a timely basis—or at all—and at times do not operate as intended or effectively resolve vulnerabilities for all applications. In addition, we are often required to rely on third parties, including hardware, software, and services vendors, as well as our customers and end users, to develop and/or deploy mitigation techniques, and the availability, effectiveness, and performance impact of mitigation techniques can depend solely or in part on the actions of these third parties in determining whether, when, and how to develop and deploy mitigations. We and such third parties make prioritization decisions about which vulnerabilities to address, which can delay, limit, or prevent development or deployment of a mitigation and harm our reputation. Security vulnerabilities and/or mitigation techniques can result in adverse performance or power effects, reboots, system instability or unavailability, loss of functionality, data loss or corruption, unpredictable system behavior, decisions by customers and end users to limit or change the applications in which they use our products or product features, and/or the misappropriation of data by third parties.

Security vulnerabilities and any limitations or adverse effects of mitigation techniques can adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, customer relationships, prospects, and reputation in a number of ways, any of which may be material. For example, whether or not vulnerabilities involve attempted or successful exploits, they may result in our incurring significant costs related to developing and deploying updates and mitigations, writing down inventory value, defending against product claims and litigation, responding to regulatory inquiries or actions, paying damages, addressing customer satisfaction considerations, providing product replacements or modifications, or taking other remedial steps with respect to third parties. Adverse publicity about security vulnerabilities or mitigations could damage our reputation with customers or users and reduce demand for our products and services. These effects may be greater to the extent that competing products are not susceptible to the same vulnerabilities or if vulnerabilities can be more effectively mitigated in competing products. Moreover, third parties can release information regarding potential vulnerabilities of our products before mitigations are available, which, in turn, could lead to attempted or successful exploits, adversely affect our ability to introduce mitigations, or otherwise harm our business and reputation. 

We are subject to risks associated with environmental, health, and safety regulations. The manufacturing and assembly and test of our products require the use of hazardous materials that are subject to a broad array of environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations. Our failure to comply with these laws or regulations can result in regulatory penalties, fines, and legal liabilities; suspension of production; alteration of our manufacturing and assembly and test processes; damage to our reputation; and restrictions on our operations or sales. In addition, failure to comply by our suppliers of these materials can require us to suspend or alter our production processes.

Other Key Information

55


Our failure to manage the use, transportation, emissions, discharge, storage, recycling, or disposal of hazardous materials can lead to increased costs or future liabilities. Environmental regulations, such as air quality and wastewater requirements, may impede our ability to expand or modify our manufacturing capability in the future. Environmental laws and regulations sometimes require us to acquire additional pollution abatement or remediation equipment, modify product designs, or incur other expenses. Regulations in response to climate change could result in increased manufacturing costs associated with air pollution requirements. For example, semiconductor manufacturing uses perfluorocarbons, which have historically made up a large portion of our direct greenhouse gas emissions. New or increased regulations limiting the use of such compounds, or other greenhouse gas emissions, could require us to install additional abatement equipment, purchase carbon offsets, and/or alter our production processes. In addition, new or increased climate change regulation could increase our energy costs, for example as a result of carbon pricing impacts on electrical utilities. As we expand our manufacturing capacity as part of our IDM 2.0 strategy, the impacts of future regulation could be magnified. Many new materials that we are evaluating for use in our operations are subject to regulation under environmental laws and regulations. These restrictions could harm our business and results of operations by increasing our expenses or requiring us to alter manufacturing and assembly and test processes.

The COVID-19 pandemic could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has previously adversely affected significant portions of our business and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Authorities have imposed, and businesses and individuals have implemented, numerous measures to try to contain the virus or treat its impact, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place/stay-at-home and social distancing orders, shutdowns, and vaccine requirements. These measures have impacted and may further impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers, and those of our respective suppliers and partners. We have experienced, and could in the future experience, reduced workforce availability at some of our sites, construction delays, and reduced capacity at some of our suppliers. We have significant manufacturing operations in the US, Ireland, Israel, China, Malaysia, and Vietnam, and each of these countries is taking measures in response to the pandemic. Restrictions on our manufacturing or support operations or workforce, similar limitations for our suppliers, and transportation restrictions or disruptions can limit our ability to meet customer demand and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our customers have experienced, and may in the future experience, disruptions in their operations and supply chains, which can result in delayed, reduced, or cancelled orders, or collection risks, and which may adversely affect our results of operations. 

The pandemic has caused us to modify our business practices, including with respect to employee travel; employee work locations; cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events, and conferences; and social distancing measures. As a US federal government contractor, we are subject to a federal executive order requiring our US employees to be vaccinated unless they qualify for medical or religious exemptions. The order has been challenged in court and its ultimate status, and the impact on our business, is uncertain. However, this requirement or other future vaccine mandates could adversely affect our workforce retention and hiring. Similarly, this requirement would apply to our suppliers working at our US sites, and to the extent such suppliers refuse to comply or decline to work with us based on the requirement or other future vaccine mandates, our business may be adversely affected, including higher costs or delays for our construction projects. We may take further actions as required by government authorities or others, or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, suppliers, and partners. Work-from-home and other measures introduce additional operational risks, including cybersecurity risks, and have affected the way we conduct our product development, validation, and qualification, customer support, and other activities, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the virus, and illness and workforce disruptions could lead to unavailability of key personnel and harm our ability to perform critical functions.

The pandemic has significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty, and has led to volatility in capital markets and credit markets. Risks related to adverse changes in global economic conditions are described in our risk factor titled "Global or regional conditions can harm our financial results," and include the risk that demand for our products will be significantly harmed. Given the continued and substantial economic uncertainty and volatility created by the pandemic, it is difficult to predict the nature and extent of impacts on demand for our products. For example, the increased demand for notebook products as a result of work- and learn-from-home dynamics may not continue as the pandemic progresses.

The degree to which COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the duration and severity of the pandemic; the actions taken to contain the virus or treat its impact; other actions taken by governments, businesses, and individuals in response to the virus and resulting economic disruption; and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. Additional impacts and risks may arise that we are not aware of or able to respond to effectively. We are similarly unable to predict the extent of the impact of the pandemic on our customers, suppliers, and other partners, but a material effect on these parties could also materially adversely affect us. The impact of COVID-19 can also exacerbate other risks discussed in this Risk Factors section and throughout this report.

Other Key Information

56


We operate globally and are subject to significant risks in many jurisdictions.

Global or regional conditions can harm our financial results. We have manufacturing, assembly and test, R&D, sales, and other operations in many countries, and some of our business activities are concentrated in one or more geographic areas. Moreover, sales outside the US accounted for 82% of our revenue for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2021, with revenue from billings to China contributing 27% of our total revenue. As a result, our operations and our financial results, including our ability to manufacture, assemble and test, design, develop, or sell products, and the demand for our products, are at times adversely affected by a number of global and regional factors outside of our control. 

Adverse changes in global or regional economic conditions periodically occur, including recession or slowing growth, changes or uncertainty in fiscal, monetary, or trade policy, higher interest rates, tighter credit, inflation, lower capital expenditures by businesses including on IT infrastructure, increases in unemployment, and lower consumer confidence and spending. Adverse changes in economic conditions, including those related to the COVID-19 pandemic, can significantly harm demand for our products and make it more challenging to forecast our operating results and make business decisions, including regarding prioritization of investments in our business. An economic downturn or increased uncertainty may also lead to increased credit and collectability risks, higher borrowing costs or reduced availability of capital and credit markets, reduced liquidity, adverse impacts on our suppliers, failures of counterparties including financial institutions and insurers, asset impairments, and declines in the value of our financial instruments.

We can be adversely affected by other global and regional factors that periodically occur, including:

▪geopolitical and security issues, such as armed conflict and civil or military unrest, political instability, human rights concerns, and terrorist activity, including, for example, geopolitical tensions and conflict affecting Israel, where our Mobileye business headquarters and certain of our fabrication facilities are located;

▪natural disasters, public health issues (including the COVID-19 pandemic), and other catastrophic events;

▪inefficient infrastructure and other disruptions, such as supply chain interruptions and large-scale outages or unreliable provision of services from utilities, transportation, data hosting, or telecommunications providers;

▪formal or informal imposition of new or revised export, import, or doing-business regulations, including trade sanctions, tariffs, and changes in the ability to obtain export licenses, which could be changed without notice;

▪government restrictions on, or nationalization of, our operations in any country, or restrictions on our ability to repatriate earnings from a particular country;

▪adverse changes relating to government grants, tax credits, or other government incentives, including more favorable incentives provided to competitors;

▪differing employment practices and labor issues;

▪ineffective legal protection of our IP rights in certain countries;

▪local business and cultural factors that differ from our current standards and practices;

▪continuing uncertainty regarding social, political, immigration, and tax and trade policies in the US and abroad; and

▪fluctuations in the market values of our domestic and international investments, which can be negatively affected by liquidity, credit deterioration or losses, interest rate changes, financial results, political risk, sovereign risk, or other factors.

We are also subject to risks related to the cessation of US dollar LIBOR. Certain of our derivatives and floating-rate investments reference US dollar LIBOR, and a portion of our indebtedness bears interest at variable interest rates, primarily based on US dollar LIBOR. No new US dollar LIBOR-based activity should be conducted after 2021, and US dollar LIBOR will be unavailable for use in our existing contracts and financial instruments beyond June 30, 2023. While reasonable alternatives to LIBOR have been introduced into markets, our transition from LIBOR to alternative reference rates could result in an increase in our interest expense and/or a reduction in our interest income.

We are subject to risks related to trade policies and regulations. Trade policies and disputes at times result in increased tariffs, trade barriers, and other protectionist measures, which can increase our manufacturing costs, make our products less competitive, reduce demand for our products, limit our ability to sell to certain customers, limit our ability to procure components or raw materials, or impede or slow the movement of our goods across borders. Increasing protectionism and economic nationalism may lead to further changes in trade policies and regulations, domestic sourcing initiatives, or other formal and informal measures that could make it more difficult to sell our products in, or restrict our access to, some markets. 

In particular, trade tensions between the US and China have led to increased tariffs and trade restrictions, including tariffs applicable to some of our products, and have affected customer ordering patterns. The US has imposed restrictions on the export of US-regulated products and technology to certain Chinese technology companies, including certain of our customers. These restrictions have reduced our sales, and continuing or future restrictions could adversely affect our financial performance, result in reputational harm to us, or lead such companies to develop or adopt technologies that compete with our products. It is difficult to predict what further trade-related actions governments may take, which may include trade restrictions and additional or increased tariffs and export controls imposed on short notice, and we may be unable to quickly and effectively react to or mitigate such actions. 

Other Key Information

57


Trade disputes and protectionist measures, or continued uncertainty about such matters, could result in declining consumer confidence and slowing economic growth or recession, and could cause our customers to reduce, cancel, or alter the timing of their purchases with us. Sustained geopolitical tensions could lead to long-term changes in global trade and technology supply chains, and decoupling of global trade networks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and growth prospects.

Laws and regulations can have a negative impact on our business. We are subject to laws and regulations worldwide that differ among jurisdictions, affecting our operations in areas including, but not limited to: IP ownership and infringement; tax; import and export requirements; anti-corruption; foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions; data privacy and localization requirements; competition; advertising; employment; product regulations; environment, health, and safety requirements; and consumer laws. Compliance with such requirements can be onerous and expensive, and may otherwise impact our business operations negatively. For example, unfavorable developments with evolving laws and regulations worldwide related to 5G or autonomous driving technology and MaaS may limit global adoption, impede our strategy, or negatively impact our long-term expectations for our investments in these areas. Expanding privacy legislation and compliance costs of privacy-related and data protection measures could adversely affect our customers and their products and services, particularly in cloud, Internet of Things, and AI applications, which could in turn reduce demand for our products used for those workloads.

Although we have policies, controls, and procedures designed to help ensure compliance with applicable laws, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, suppliers, or agents will not violate such laws or our policies. Violations of these laws and regulations can result in fines; criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees; prohibitions on the conduct of our business; and damage to our reputation. The technology industry is subject to intense media, political, and regulatory scrutiny, which can increase our exposure to government investigations, legal actions, and penalties.

We are affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. We are exposed to adverse as well as beneficial movements in currency exchange rates. Although most of our sales occur in US dollars, expenses may be paid in local currencies. An increase in the value of the dollar can increase the real cost to our customers of our products in those markets outside the US where we sell in dollars, and a weakened dollar can increase the cost of expenses such as payroll, utilities, tax, and marketing expenses, as well as overseas capital expenditures. We also conduct certain investing and financing activities in local currencies. Our hedging programs may not be effective to offset any, or more than a portion, of the adverse impact of currency exchange rate movements; therefore, changes in exchange rates can harm our results of operations and financial condition. 

Catastrophic events can have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results. Our operations and business, and those of our customers and suppliers, can be disrupted by natural disasters; industrial accidents; public health issues (including the COVID-19 pandemic); cybersecurity incidents; interruptions of service from utilities, transportation, telecommunications, or IT systems providers; manufacturing equipment failures; or other catastrophic events. For example, we have at times experienced disruptions in our manufacturing processes as a result of power outages, improperly functioning equipment, and disruptions in supply of raw materials or components, including due to cybersecurity incidents affecting our suppliers. Our headquarters and many of our operations and facilities are in locations that are prone to earthquakes and other natural disasters. Global climate change can result in certain natural disasters occurring more frequently or with greater intensity, such as drought, wildfires, storms, sea-level rise, and flooding, and could disrupt the availability of water necessary for the operation of our fabrication facilities, including facilities located in water-sensitive regions such as Arizona and Israel. In addition, to the extent we are unable to successfully manage and conserve water resources, our reputation could be harmed. In recent years, the west coast of the US has experienced significant wildfires, including in Oregon, where we have major manufacturing facilities. The long-term effects of climate change on the global economy and the technology industry in particular are unclear, but could be severe. 

Catastrophic events could make it difficult or impossible to manufacture or deliver products to our customers, receive production materials from our suppliers, or perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our revenue and require significant recovery time and expenditures to resume operations. While we maintain business recovery plans, some of our systems are not fully redundant and we cannot be sure that our plans will fully protect us from such disruptions. Furthermore, even if our operations are unaffected or recover quickly, if our customers or suppliers cannot timely resume their own operations due to a catastrophic event, we may experience reduced or cancelled orders or disruptions to our supply chain that may adversely affect our results of operations.

We maintain a program of insurance coverage for a variety of property, casualty, and other risks. The types and amounts of insurance we obtain vary depending on availability, cost, and decisions with respect to risk retention. Some of our policies have large deductibles and broad exclusions. In addition, one or more of our insurance providers may be unable or unwilling to pay a claim. Losses not covered by insurance may be large, which could harm our results of operations and financial condition.

Other Key Information

58


Damage to our reputation can damage our business. Our reputation is a critical factor in our relationships with customers, employees, governments, suppliers, and other stakeholders. Our failure to address, or the appearance of our failure to address, issues that give rise to reputational risk, including those described throughout this Risk Factors section, could significantly harm our reputation and our brands. Our reputation can be impacted by catastrophic events (including our response to the COVID-19 pandemic); incidents involving unethical behavior or misconduct; product quality, security, or safety issues; allegations of legal noncompliance; internal control failures; corporate governance issues; data breaches; workplace safety incidents; environmental incidents; our response to climate change, including our greenhouse gas emission levels; the use of our products for illegal or objectionable applications, including AI and machine learning applications that present ethical, regulatory, or other issues; marketing practices; media statements; the conduct of our suppliers or representatives; and other issues, incidents, or statements that, whether actual or perceived, result in adverse publicity. To the extent we fail to respond quickly and effectively to address corporate crises, the ensuing negative public reaction could significantly harm our reputation and our brands and could lead to increases in litigation claims and asserted damages or subject us to regulatory actions or restrictions. 

Damage to our reputation could reduce demand for our products and adversely affect our business and operating environment. It could reduce investor confidence in us, adversely affecting our stock price. It may also limit our ability to be seen as an employer of choice when competing for highly skilled employees. Moreover, repairing our reputation and brands may be difficult, time-consuming, and expensive.

We are subject to cybersecurity and privacy risks.

We face risks related to cybersecurity threats and incidents. We regularly face attempts by others to gain unauthorized access through the Internet, or to introduce malicious software, to our IT systems. Individuals or organizations, including malicious hackers, state-sponsored organizations, insider threats including employees and third-party service providers, or intruders into our physical facilities, at times attempt to gain unauthorized access and/or corrupt the processes used to design and manufacture our hardware products and our associated software and services. Due to the widespread use of our products, we are a frequent target of computer hackers and organizations that intend to sabotage, compromise, take control of, or otherwise corrupt our manufacturing or other processes, products, and services. We are also a target of malicious attackers who attempt to gain access to our network or data centers or those of our suppliers, customers, partners, or end users; steal proprietary information related to our business, products, employees, suppliers, and customers; interrupt our systems and services or those of our suppliers, customers, or others; or demand ransom to return control of such systems and services. Such attempts are increasing in number and in technical sophistication, and if successful, expose us and the affected parties to risk of loss or misuse of proprietary or confidential information or disruptions of our business operations, including our manufacturing operations. Our IT infrastructure also includes products and services provided by third parties, and these providers can experience breaches of their systems and products, or provide inadequate updates or support, which can impact the security of our systems and our proprietary or confidential information.

From time to time, we encounter intrusions or unauthorized access to our network, products, services, or infrastructure, as well as those of third parties who provide products and services to us. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2020, our Habana Labs subsidiary’s network was breached, resulting in unauthorized third-party access of certain confidential information, in connection with a suspected unsuccessful ransomware attack. The breach was confined to our subsidiary's network and has not had a material impact on Habana Labs’ business. We are also subject to risks associated with attacks involving our supply chain, such as the compromise of IT infrastructure management software provided by SolarWinds Corporation, reported in the fourth quarter of 2020. During 2021, we have observed an increase in ransomware attacks in our supply chain. In December 2021, a vulnerability named “Log4Shell” was reported for the widely used Java logging library, Apache Log4j 2. We have reviewed the use of this library within our software product portfolio and in our IT environment and have taken steps to mitigate the vulnerability. To date, cybersecurity incidents have not resulted in a material adverse impact to our business or operations, but there can be no guarantee we will not experience such an impact. Such incidents, whether or not successful, could result in our incurring significant costs related to, for example, rebuilding internal systems, writing down inventory value, implementing additional threat protection measures, providing modifications to our products and services, defending against litigation, responding to regulatory inquiries or actions, paying damages, providing customers with incentives to maintain the business relationship, or taking other remedial steps with respect to third parties, as well as reputational harm. In addition, these threats are constantly evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of successfully defending against them or implementing adequate preventative measures. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, remote work and remote access to our systems has increased significantly, which also increases our cybersecurity attack surface. We have also seen an increase in cyberattack volume, frequency, and sophistication driven by the global enablement of remote workforces. We seek to detect and investigate unauthorized attempts and attacks against our network, products, and services, and to prevent their recurrence where practicable through changes or updates to our internal processes and tools and changes or updates to our products and services; however, we remain potentially vulnerable to additional known or unknown threats. In some instances, we, our suppliers, our customers, and the users of our products and services can be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. There is increasing regulation regarding responses to cybersecurity incidents, including reporting to regulators, which could subject us to additional liability and reputational harm.

Other Key Information

59


Theft, loss, or misuse of personal data about our employees, customers, or other third parties could increase our expenses, damage our reputation, or result in legal or regulatory proceedings. The theft, loss, or misuse of personal data collected, used, stored, or transferred by us to run our business, including data stored with vendors or other third parties, could result in significantly increased business and security costs or costs related to defending legal claims. We anticipate that our collection of such personal data will increase as we enter into the MaaS market in our Mobileye business, and it may increase as we enter into other new or adjacent businesses. Global privacy legislation, enforcement, and policy activity in this area are rapidly expanding and creating a complex regulatory compliance environment. Costs to comply with and implement these privacy-related and data protection measures could be significant, and noncompliance could expose us to significant monetary penalties, damage to our reputation, suspension of online services or sites in certain countries, and even criminal sanctions. Even our inadvertent failure to comply with federal, state, or international privacy-related or data-protection laws and regulations could result in audits, regulatory inquiries, or proceedings against us by governmental entities or other third parties.

We are subject to IP risks and risks associated with litigation and regulatory proceedings. 

We cannot always protect our IP or enforce our IP rights. We regard our patents, copyrights, trade secrets, and other IP rights as important to the success of our business. We rely on IP law—as well as confidentiality and licensing agreements with our customers, employees, technology development partners, and others—to protect our IP and IP rights. Our ability to enforce these rights is subject to general litigation risks, as well as uncertainty as to the enforceability of our IP rights in various countries. We are not always able to obtain protection for our IP or enforce or protect our IP rights. Enforcement is costly and time-consuming and can divert management attention. When we seek to enforce our rights, we may be subject to claims that our IP rights are invalid, not enforceable, or licensed to an opposing party. Our assertion of IP rights may result in another party seeking to assert claims against us, which could harm our business. From time to time, governments adopt regulations—and governments or courts render decisions—requiring compulsory licensing of IP rights, or governments require products to meet standards that favor local companies. Our inability to enforce our IP rights under any of these circumstances can harm our competitive position and business. In some cases, our IP rights can offer inadequate protection for our innovations. In addition, the theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential business information could harm our competitive position and reduce acceptance of our products; as a result, the value of our investment in R&D, product development, and marketing could be reduced. This risk is heightened as competitors for technical talent increasingly seek to hire our employees.

Our licenses with other companies and participation in industry initiatives at times allow competitors to use some of our patent rights. Technology companies often bilaterally license patents between each other to settle disputes or as part of business agreements. Some of our competitors have in the past had, and may in the future have, licenses to some of our patents, and under current case law, some of the licenses can exhaust our patent rights as to licensed product sales under some circumstances. Our participation in industry standards organizations or with other industry initiatives at times requires us to offer to license our patents to companies that adopt industry-standard specifications. Depending on the rules of the organization, government regulations, or court decisions, we sometimes have to grant licenses to some of our patents for little or no cost, and as a result, we may be unable to enforce certain patents against others, and the value of our IP rights may be impaired.

Third parties assert claims based on IP rights against us and our products, which could harm our business. We face claims based on IP rights from individuals, companies, non-practicing entities, academic and research institutions, and other parties, including claims from those who have aggregated patents acquired from multiple sources to form a new, larger portfolio to assert claims against us and other companies. Additionally, large patent portfolio owners sometimes divest portions of their portfolios to more than one individual or company, increasing the number of parties who own IP rights previously all held by a single party. We have seen an increase in patent assertions and lawsuits initiated by well-funded non-practicing entities, including entities funded by investment firms and other third parties. In some instances, these entities have filed multi-jurisdiction litigation seeking large monetary damages and/or injunctions against us. These lawsuits can increase our cost of doing business and could disrupt our operations if they succeed in blocking the trade of our products. For example, in the multi-jurisdiction litigation brought against us by VLSI, a jury in one of the pending US federal court cases returned a verdict in February 2021 awarding approximately $2.2 billion in damages to VLSI, as discussed in Note 19: Commitments and Contingencies within the Consolidated Financial Statements. The patent litigation environment has also become more challenging due to the emergence of venues adopting procedural and substantive rules that make them more favorable for patent asserters, including the availability of injunctive relief for non-practicing entities, and the US Patent and Trademark Office’s reduction of inter partes patent review  under the America Invents Act. As a result, we believe we are facing a more hostile IP litigation environment.

We are typically engaged in a number of disputes involving IP rights. Claims that our products, technologies, or processes infringe the IP rights of others, regardless of their merits, cause us to incur large costs to respond to, defend, and resolve the claims, and they divert the efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel from our business and operations. In addition, we may face claims based on the alleged theft or unauthorized use or disclosure of third-party trade secrets, confidential information, or end-user data that we obtain in conducting our business. Any such incidents and claims could severely disrupt our business, and we could suffer losses, including the cost of product recalls and returns, and reputational harm. Furthermore, we have agreed to indemnify customers for certain IP rights claims against them. IP rights claims against our customers could also limit demand for our products or disrupt our customers' businesses, which could in turn adversely affect our results of operations.

As a result of IP rights claims, we could:

▪pay monetary damages, payments to satisfy indemnification obligations, royalties, fines, or penalties;

▪stop manufacturing, using, selling, offering to sell, or importing products or technology subject to claims;    

Other Key Information

60


▪need to develop other products or technology not subject to claims, which could be time-consuming or costly; and/or

▪enter into settlement or license agreements, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms and may be costly.

These IP rights claims could harm our competitive position, result in expenses, or require us to impair our assets. If we alter or stop production of affected items, our revenue could be harmed.

We rely on access to third-party IP, which may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Many of our products are designed to include third-party technology or implement industry standards, which may require licenses from third parties. In addition, from time to time, third parties notify us that they believe we are using their IP. There is no assurance that necessary licenses to such third-party IP can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that our existing licenses to third-party IP will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Failure to obtain the right to use third-party technology, or to license IP on commercially reasonable terms, could preclude us from selling certain products or otherwise have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results. To the extent our products include software that contains or is derived from open-source software, we may be required to make the software's source code publicly available and/or license the software under open-source licensing terms.

We are subject to risks associated with litigation and regulatory matters. From time to time, we face legal claims or regulatory matters involving stockholder, consumer, competition, commercial, IP, labor and employment, compliance, and other issues on a global basis. As described in "Note 19: Commitments and Contingencies" within the Consolidated Financial Statements, we are engaged in a number of litigation and regulatory matters. Litigation and regulatory proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse rulings, excessive verdicts, or other events could occur, including monetary damages, fines, penalties, or an injunction stopping us from manufacturing or selling certain products, engaging in certain business practices, or requiring other remedies, such as compulsory licensing of patents. An unfavorable outcome can result in a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Regardless of the outcome, litigation and regulatory proceedings can be costly, time-consuming, disruptive to our operations, harmful to our reputation, and distracting to management.

We must attract, retain, and motivate key employees. 

Hiring and retaining qualified executives, scientists, engineers, technical staff, and sales representatives are critical to our business. The competition for highly skilled employees in our industry is increasingly intense. Competitors for technical talent increasingly seek to hire our employees, and the increased availability of work-from-home arrangements, accelerated by the COVID-19 pandemic, has both intensified and expanded competition. In addition, changes in immigration policies may further limit the pool of available talent and impair our ability to recruit and hire technical and professional talent. We have intensified our efforts to recruit and retain talent. These efforts have increased our expenses, and they may not be successful in attracting, retaining, and motivating the workforce necessary to deliver on our strategy. Changes in employment-related laws applicable to our workforce practices may also result in increased expenses and less flexibility in how we meet our changing workforce needs. To help attract, retain, and motivate qualified employees, we use share-based awards, such as RSUs, and performance-based cash incentive awards. Sustained declines in our stock price, or lower stock price performance relative to competitors, can reduce the retention value of our share-based awards. Our employee hiring and retention also depend on our ability to build and maintain a diverse and inclusive workplace culture and be viewed as an employer of choice. To the extent our compensation programs and workplace culture are not viewed as competitive, our ability to attract, retain, and motivate employees can be weakened, which could harm our results of operations. 

Changes in our management team can also disrupt our business. For example, we appointed a new CEO effective in February 2021 and a new CFO in January 2022 and made several other changes to our senior leadership during the past year. The failure to successfully transition and assimilate key employees could adversely affect our results of operations. To the extent we do not effectively hire, onboard, retain, and motivate key employees, our business can be harmed.

We are subject to risks associated with our strategic transactions.

Our acquisitions, divestitures, and other strategic transactions could fail to achieve our financial or strategic objectives, disrupt our ongoing business, and adversely impact our results of operations. Strategic transactions are an important component of our financial capital allocation strategy. We routinely evaluate opportunities and enter into agreements for possible acquisitions, divestitures, and other strategic transactions. These transactions involve numerous risks, including:

▪our inability to identify opportunities in a timely manner or on terms acceptable to us;

▪failure of the transaction to advance our business strategy and failure of its anticipated benefits to materialize;

▪disruption of our ongoing operations and diversion of our management's attention;

▪failure to complete a transaction in a timely manner, if at all, due to our inability to obtain required government or other approvals at all or without materially burdensome conditions, IP disputes or other litigation, difficulty in obtaining financing on terms acceptable to us, or other unforeseen factors;

▪our failure to realize a satisfactory return on our investment, potentially resulting in an impairment of goodwill and other assets, and restructuring charges;

▪our inability to effectively enter new market segments through our strategic transactions or retain customers and partners of acquired businesses;

▪our inability to retain key personnel of acquired businesses or our difficulty in integrating employees, business systems, and technology;

Other Key Information

61


▪controls, processes, and procedures of acquired businesses that do not adequately ensure compliance with laws and regulations, and our failure to identify compliance issues or liabilities;

▪our failure to identify, or our underestimation of, commitments, liabilities, and other risks associated with acquired businesses or assets; and

▪the potential for our acquisitions to result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities or significant additional debt.

Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows, particularly in the case of a large acquisition or several concurrent acquisitions. Moreover, our resources are limited and our decision to pursue a transaction has opportunity costs; accordingly, if we pursue a particular transaction, we at times need to forgo the prospect of entering into other transactions that could help us achieve our financial or strategic objectives. 

Where an existing investment does not strategically align to our key priorities, we routinely evaluate opportunities for possible divestitures and other options. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of divestitures due to risks that include unfavorable prices and terms; changes in market conditions or geopolitical conditions affecting the regions or industries in which we or counterparties operate; failure to receive regulatory or governmental approvals; limitations or restrictions due to regulatory or governmental approvals, litigation, contractual terms, or other conditions; delays in closing; lack of support by third parties; actions by competitors; adverse effects on our business relationships, operating results, or business due to the announcement and pendency of such transactions; and continued financial obligations, unanticipated liabilities, or transition costs associated with such transactions. In some cases, we are not able to divest investments on acceptable terms or at all.

We invest in public and private companies and do not always realize a return on our investments. We make investments in public and private companies to further our strategic and financial objectives and to support certain key business initiatives. These companies can include early-stage companies still defining their strategic direction. Many of the instruments in which we invest are non-marketable and illiquid at the time of our initial investment, and we are not always able to achieve a return in a timely fashion, if at all. Our ability to realize a return on our investment in a private company, if any, is typically dependent on the company participating in a liquidity event, such as a public offering or acquisition. To the extent any of the companies in which we invest are not successful, which at times includes bankruptcy, we could recognize an impairment and/or lose all or part of our investment.

There are risks associated with our previously-announced proposed IPO of Mobileye. We announced that we intend to take Mobileye public in the US via an IPO of newly issued Mobileye stock, and that we expect to retain majority ownership of Mobileye following the completion of the IPO. The IPO may not be completed in our expected timeframe, or at all, due to factors that include adverse changes in economic or market conditions or in our business; delays in regulatory, stock exchange, or other approvals; loss of Mobileye key employees, and changes in our business strategy. If we do not complete the IPO, our ability to retain and attract Mobileye employees could be adversely affected, and we will have incurred expenses that we will be unable to recover, and for which we will not receive any benefit. If completed, the IPO may not produce any increase for our stockholders in the market value of their holdings in our company. In addition, the market price of our common stock could be more volatile after the IPO.

We are subject to sales-related risks. 

We face risks related to sales through distributors and other third parties. We sell a significant portion of our products through third parties such as distributors, value-added resellers, and channel partners (collectively referred to as distributors), as well as OEMs and ODMs. We depend on many distributors to help us create end-customer demand, provide technical support and other value-added services to customers, fill customer orders, and stock our products. At times, we rely on one or more key distributors for a product, and a material change in our relationship with one or more of these distributors or their failure to perform as expected could reduce our revenue. Our ability to add or replace distributors for some of our products is limited. In addition, our distributors' expertise in the determination and stocking of acceptable inventory levels for some of our products is not always easily transferable to a new distributor; as a result, end customers may be hesitant to accept the addition or replacement of a distributor. Using third parties for distribution exposes us to many risks, including competitive pressure and concentration, credit, and compliance risks. Distributors and other third parties sell products that compete with our products, and we sometimes need to provide financial and other incentives to focus them on the sale of our products. From time to time, they face financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, which could harm our collection of accounts receivable and financial results. Violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or similar laws by distributors or other third-party intermediaries could have a material impact on our business. Failure to manage risks related to our use of distributors and other third parties may reduce sales, increase expenses, and weaken our competitive position.

From time to time, our products are resold by third parties in an unauthorized "gray market." Gray market products can distort demand and pricing dynamics in our distribution channel and certain geographies, which at times adversely affects our revenue opportunities. Gray market activity is difficult to monitor and can make forecasting demand more challenging. Gray market products also sometimes include parts that have been altered or damaged, and our reputation may be harmed when these products fail or are found to be substandard.

We receive a significant portion of our revenue from a limited number of customers. Collectively, our three largest customers accounted for 43% of our net revenue in 2021 and 39% of our net revenue in 2020. We expect a small number of customers will continue to account for a significant portion of our revenue in the foreseeable future.

Other Key Information

62


Industry trends, such as the increasing shift of data center workloads to the public cloud, have increased the significance and purchasing power of certain customers, particularly cloud service providers, in some of our data center-focused businesses. The cloud and cloud applications represent a new and increasingly demanding computing environment. The further consolidation of computing workloads in the cloud, and consolidation among cloud service providers, can heighten the competitive importance of factors such as collaboration and customization with cloud service provider customers to optimize products for their environments; optimization for cloud services and applications; product performance; energy efficiency; feature differentiation; product quality, reliability, and factors affecting server uptime; and product security and security features. Our competitive position can be eroded to the extent we do not execute effectively across these factors. We are operating in an increasingly competitive environment, including in serving cloud service provider customers, and the competitive environment adversely affected our results in DCG in 2021. 

Some cloud service provider customers have also internally developed, and may continue to develop, their own semiconductors, including designs customized for their specific computing workloads. In addition, cloud services can be marketed to end users based on service levels or features rather than hardware specifications, or they can abstract hardware under layers of software, which can make it more difficult to differentiate our products to customers and end users. The shift of data center workloads to the cloud has also adversely affected, and may continue to affect, sales to enterprise and government market segment customers when end users have elected to migrate workloads. To the extent we differentiate our products through customization to meet cloud customer specifications, order changes, delays, or cancellations may result in non-recoverable costs. 

The loss of a key customer, a substantial reduction in sales to them, or changes in the timing of their orders can lead to a reduction in our revenue, increase the volatility of our results, and harm our results of operations and financial condition. For more information about our customers, including customers who accounted for greater than 10% of our net consolidated revenue, see "Note 3: Operating Segments" within the Consolidated Financial Statements.

We face risks related to transactions with government entities. We receive proceeds from US federal, state, local, and foreign government entities associated with grants, incentives, and sales of our products and services. Government demand and payment are often affected by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations, including, with respect to US government contracts, congressional approval of appropriations. Government contracts are subject to procurement laws and regulations relating to the award, administration, and performance of those contracts, as well as oversight and penalties for violations. For example, certain agreements with the US government are subject to special rules on accounting, IP rights, expenses, reviews, information handling, security, and/or employees, and failure to comply with these rules could result in civil and criminal penalties and sanctions, including termination of contracts, fines, and suspension or debarment from future business with the US government.

Changes in our effective tax rate may reduce our net income.

A number of factors can increase our effective tax rate, which could reduce our net income, including:    

▪changes in the volume and mix of profits earned and location of assets across jurisdictions with varying tax rates;

▪the resolution of issues arising from tax audits, including payment of interest and penalties;

▪changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and in deferred tax valuation allowances;

▪adjustments to income taxes upon finalization of tax returns;

▪increases in expenses not deductible for tax purposes, including impairments of goodwill;

▪changes in available tax credits;

▪changes in our ability to secure new, or renew existing, tax holidays and incentives;

▪changes in US federal, state, or foreign tax laws or their interpretation, including changes in the US to the taxation of manufacturing enterprises and of non-US income and expenses and changes resulting from the adoption by countries of OECD recommendations or other legislative actions;

▪changes in accounting standards; and

▪our decision to repatriate non-US earnings for which we have not previously provided for local country withholding taxes incurred upon repatriation.

We have fluctuations in the amount and frequency of our stock repurchases. 

We are not obligated to make repurchases under our stock repurchase program. The amount, timing, and execution of our repurchases fluctuate based on factors that include prioritizing cash for other purposes, such as investing in our business, including operational spending, capital spending, and acquisitions, and returning cash to our stockholders as dividend payments. Our stock repurchase program may be suspended or terminated at any time. Moreover, we cannot guarantee that repurchases will enhance long-term stockholder value. We expect our future stock repurchases to be significantly below our levels from the last few years. 

Other Key Information